In what country was Normandy located ?
When did the Normans begin their name to Normandy ?
From where did pirates originate ?
What was the name of the leader that agreed fealty ?
In what century did the Normans emerge ?
Who led the Norman conquest of England ?
What is another name for Normans ?
In what century was the Normans recorded ?
In what year did the Duchy of Normandy begin ?
Who established the Duchy of Normandy ?
Who was considered Frankish ?
What religion was the Old Norse language ?
From what part of France is Norman culture located ?
What happened to the Norman knights ?
Along with Armenia and Armenia , what group did the Normans conquer ?
Where was the first Norman mercenaries located ?
When was the Normans of Edessa against the Turks ?
Who was the Byzantine general in Asia ?
What is another name for Franks ?
Who was a force of " Franks " ?
Who did some Normans join ?
Where were the Raoulii located ?
When did the city 's garrison end ?
How many men died in 300 ships ?
What city was the Byzantines in ?
Who was the command of the Normans ?
Where was the citadel of Mili located ?
In what year was the road to a third attack ?
What is the most important naval bases of the Adriatic ?
What area of Southampton was one of the most important naval bases ?
What was the name of the King ?
Who was the sister of Emma ?
Where did Ethelred flee to ?
Who was the kingdom of Napoleon ?
Who was Edward 's half brother ?
Where was Edward the father 's refuge ?
Who was the archbishop of Canterbury ?
In what battle did Duke Harold II invade England ?
Who conquered King Harold II ?
In what year did the Battle of Hastings take place ?
What was the official name of the invading Normans ?
What language did the modern language develop ?
In what year did the Normans invade Bannow Bay ?
Where did the Normans settle ?
In what language did the Irish language become subsumed ?
Who was the Conqueror ?
Who married Edgar 's sister ?
In what year did William invade Scotland ?
Who was Malcolm 's son ?
What did Alexander I marry ?
What was Scotland 's nationality ?
What was the name of the earl ?
Who was the Confessor ?
Who set up the aforementioned Ralph ?
In what country was Norman interference located ?
In what year did Roger de Tosny return to carve ?
Who led the papal army ?
In what year did the Siege of Antioch occur ?
Who was the nephew of Italo - Normans ?
In what city was Tancred instrumental ?
How long did the Third Crusade last ?
What dispersed the fleet ?
Who was the fiancée of the boat ?
In what year did Richard the Lion - hearted left Messina ?
Who taken prisoner of the wrecks ?
Who did Eisenhower support Guy against ?
What metal was Isaac surrendered with ?
Who led Napoleon 's troops ?
Where did El Hierro move to ?
Who was the title of King of the Canary Islands ?
Who bought the rights to the islands ?
Who sold the rights to the islands ?
How many customaries were transcribed in Latin ?
What type of idiom is the idiom ?
Along with massive style , what type of arches were found in the style ?
What is another name for Norman architecture ?
What language is Norman architecture associated with ?
Norman - Arab architecture is known as what ?
When did a programme of church reform begin ?
Who utilised the church ?
When was the French Wars of Religion ?
What is the Bayeux Tapestry a work of ?
What is the most famous work of Norman art ?
Who commissioned the Bishop of Bayeux ?
What is another name for Norman Italy ?
In what century was Normandy the site ?
Who was the system of denoting notes ?
Where did Saint - Evroul flee to ?
Where was the Latin monastery located ?
Who patronised the Latin monastery ?
What is the name of the tradition that continued to spread ?
What is a branch of the theory of computation ?
What is the theory of computational problems ?
What type of problem is understood to be solved ?
What is a problem regarded as ?
What is the theory of computation ?
What is the amount of resources needed to solve ?
What type of gates are used in a circuit ?
What is the roles of computational complexity theory ?
What is the theoretical purpose of related fields ?
What is the input string for ?
What kind of question is a problem to be solved ?
What is a particular input to the problem ?
What is the output corresponding to ?
What is the quantitative answer for Milan ?
complexity theory is what ?
What is a string over computational problems ?
What is the alphabet taken to ?
What is another name for the alphabet ?
integers can be represented in what notation ?
How can integers be encoded in binary notation ?
What problems are one of the central objects of study theory ?
What is a special type of computational problem ?
What is a special type of computational problem ?
What is an example of a language output ?
What is the answer to accept the input string ?
What type of graph is the input ?
What is the set of all graphs ?
What is the formal definition of this language ?
What is a function problem ?
A computational problem is expected for what type of output ?
What is a computational problem ?
What is another name for the problem ?
What is a single output of a decision ?
How can problems be recast ?
What is the multiplication of two integers ?
What is the best algorithm requires to solve ?
What is the space required to solve ?
What is the space required to solve ?
What is the size of the input called ?
What is the increase of algorithms scale ?
What can be expressed as a function of n. ?
What is the maximum time taken over ?
What is the maximum time taken over ?
What is the algorithm said to be ?
What is a mathematical model of a general computing machine ?
What is the problem called ?
What is the most commonly used model in complexity theory ?
What is the theoretical device called ?
What is the most basic Turing machine ?
What is a deterministic machine ?
What is a deterministic machine ?
What are random bits called ?
Turing machines are used to define what ?
What is another term for resources ?
What type of machines are used to define complexity classes ?
What type of machines have machine models been proposed ?
What type of power can be converted to another ?
What type of consumption can be used to vary ?
What do some models have in common ?
What is the computational model called ?
some problems are easier to analyze what ?
What is an example of a mathematical models ?
What is a important resource for computational problems ?
What is the machine machine M on input x x ?
complexity theory is interested on what ?
What type of resources are the most popular ?
What type of resource can any complexity measure ?
What is another term for Complexity ?
What type of measures is used in complexity theory ?
What type of complexity is tree ?
What refer to three different ways ?
What type of measure is the time complexity ?
What is the best case complexity ?
What is the best case of the time complexity ?
What is the name of the sorting system ?
What is the input case called ?
What is the algorithm takes time called ?
What is the minimum amount of time upper time ?
What is the algorithm algorithm falls under ?
What is much difficult more difficult to solve ?
What type of bound does show show ?
What phrase is used in the future ?
Upper and lower bounds are stated using what ?
What is the big O notation ?
What is another name for big O notation ?
What is the bounds independent independent of ?
What type of classes have complicated definitions ?
What do some complexity classes fit into ?
What do some complexity classes have ?
What is the yields complexity classes depend on ?
How many time can a binary machine be solved ?
What is the model of Turing 's Turing machines ?
What states that allow polynomial variations ?
What type of space can be used by bounding ?
What is the time or space classes defined by ?
What can be defined by bounding ?
What are some important complexity classes ?
What are AC and NC defined as ?
What type of Turing machines are used for Turing and QMA ?
What is another name for quantum Turing machines ?
How many proof systems are there ?
What is the answer for time and space requirements ?
What are the hierarchy theorems induce ?
What is the basis for most separation results ?
The time hierarchy theorem is contained in what ?
When is the space hierarchy contained ?
Most complexity classes are defined using what ?
What is a reduction of one problem into ?
What is an example of a algorithm ?
What is an example of a algorithm ?
What is the most common reduction for reduction ?
What is the problem of squaring 's integer ?
What is the reduction process called ?
squaring can be reduced to what ?
What is the notion of hard problems ?
What is a problem for a class ?
What is a algorithm for X ?
What is another name for NP ?
What type of problems is the most difficult problems in NP ?
Who is the ones most likely likely to be the ?
What is the complexity class called ?
What is the hypothesis called ?
What is the complexity class called ?
What is the Hamiltonian path problem called ?
What type of machines are special deterministic machines ?
What type of prediction is used in biology ?
How much money does each cost for the problem ?
Who shown P ≠ NP ?
What type of problems are there ?
What is the computational problem of two finite graphs ?
What is the problem that is not known as a problem ?
What happens to the second level ?
Where does the polynomial time hierarchy occur ?
What is the computational problem of a given integer ?
What is another name for several cryptographic systems ?
What is the best known algorithm for integer factorization ?
What is different about the complexity classes ?
What is P = PSPACE ?
What type of complexity do most complexity classes have ?
What is a major breakthrough in complexity theory ?
What is the class problems called ?
What is an example of a complement problems ?
What is the set of all problems called ?
What type of classes does L Again have ?
What is another name for the two complexity classes ?
What type of problems are solved in theory ?
What is unusable in practice ?
What has been shown to be in P ?
How long is the NP - complete problem ?
What happened to the complexity of algorithmic problems ?
What is the definition of most influential machines ?
When was the definition of Turing machines ?
What is the definition of Turing machines ?
What was the seminal paper ?
Who is the seminal paper of time ?
In what year was Richard Stearns born ?
What is the definitions of the hierarchy theorems ?
In what year did Edmonds defined a " good " algorithm ?
Who wrote the definition of linear bounded automata ?
What is the name of the study of rudimentary sets ?
What is the paper on real - time computations called ?
What is the concrete choice of complexity ?
What tries to keep the discussion ?
Who developed an axiomatic complexity theory ?
What did Manuel Blum introduce ?
What is another name for Southern California ?
How many counties does California have ?
What type of center is Southern California ?
What ties does the region have ?
What is the 10-county definition used for ?
What is the 8- and 10-county definitions used for ?
How many megaregions of the United States are there ?
Where is the megaregion located ?
What border is the border of Tijuana ?
Where is the megaregion located ?
What coast is Southern California ?
How many metropolitan areas does Southern California have ?
How many people live in the Los Angeles area ?
What is the largest city in NYC ?
How many people live in the Greater Los Angeles Area ?
What is the Colorado Desert river ?
What is the east of Mexico City ?
What is the border of Nevada ?
What is the south of Mexico City ?
How many major cities are in San Diego ?
What is Los Angeles 's population ?
What city is San Diego located in ?
What is the second largest city in the state ?
Where is San Diego located ?
What is the largest counties in the US ?
How many states are in Riverside ?
What is the most populous counties in Tennessee ?
What is a name for the motion industry ?
In what city is Hollywood located ?
What is another name for ABC ?
What kind of companies does Sony have ?
What company run major record companies in Universal ?
What type of culture is Southern California ?
Who is the Professional skateboarder ?
What was the name of the snowboarder live in southern California ?
What is the island of famous surf breaks ?
What is the annual Transpacific Yacht Race ?
What is the name of the desert city ?
What is the southern California coast called ?
What geographic part of California is home to locals ?
What is the resort of Palm Springs ?
How high is the California 's north point ?
How many miles is the latitude of San Jose ?
What is another name for the northern boundary ?
What type of boundary is the Tehachapi Mountains ?
In what country was California ruled ?
In what state is Los Angeles located ?
What is the Californios ?
What was the cause of California 's Union ?
What type of state was California 's Union ?
What type of taxes did Californios have ?
What was the population of southern California ?
How many times did Californios attempted to achieve a separate statehood ?
What percentage of voters were approved by Colorado ?
Who was the advocate of Washington University ?
What newspaper defined the southern counties in 1900 ?
In what year was the Los Angeles Times defined ?
In what year did the Times announce a newer county - county county ?
In what year did the Times announce a newer county - county county ?
How many counties are in the Los Angeles Times ?
What is the California State Automobile Association ?
What is the two AAA Auto Clubs ?
What is the geographical phrase for the southern region ?
How many people live in the US ?
What type of areas have been left undeveloped ?
What is the large spread of southern California ?
What is another name for southern California ?
What type of metropolitan region is Tijuana ?
What is the main gap for urbanization ?
What is the San Bernardino area called ?
What county is L.A. a part of ?
In what decade was San Bernardino developed ?
What type of climate does Southern California contain ?
What type of rain is Southern California ?
How many temperature are in the summers ?
Is snow more or in the Southwest ?
How many 50 - 60 's temperature does winters have ?
What type of ecosystem is Southern California ?
Where is the region located ?
What is another name for Southern California ?
What is another name for the region ?
What type of valleys does the region have ?
How many earthquakes does the California area have ?
How many people are not felt ?
What was the magnitude of the earthquake ?
What did the earthquake cause ?
What was the property of the earthquake ?
What is the name of the earthquake ?
What is the magnitude of the earthquake ?
What is the California Earthquake forecast ?
What is the California Earthquake forecast ?
What type of regions is Southern California ?
What type of recognition is Southern California ?
What is the hub of Southern California ?
In what year did 22,680,010 become a population of 22,680,010 ?
What was the reputation of southern California ?
What was the state rate in the 2000s ?
What type of economy is California 's growth ?
What part of the United Kingdom is California 's growth in ?
What is the international metropolitan area ?
How many extended metropolitan metropolitan areas are there ?
How many extended metropolitan areas does the region have ?
What is another name for San Diego - Carlsbad - San Marcos ?
Where is the Greater Los Angeles Area located ?
What city is San Diego in ?
What is the largest cities in California ?
How many cities are in southern California ?
How many cities are in southern California ?
What is the most popular city in San Bernardino ?
What is the largest abundance of transport ?
What is the name of Southern California 's film ?
Where was the region a leader ?
What has happened to the housing crash ?
In what decade did motion pictures become major industries ?
In what type of agricultural regions were turned into suburbs ?
Along with citrus and citrus , what is a notable agricultural regions in the US ?
What is the major industries in the US ?
What continues to be a major factor ?
What type of districts is Southern California ?
What districts is Downtown San Diego ?
What is another name for Downtown Riverside ?
What type of business is the Los Angeles Area ?
What type of business is the Los Angeles Area ?
Where is Warner Center located ?
What city is Downtown located in ?
How many districts does the San Bernardino - Riverside have ?
What county is Downtown Santa Ana ?
Where is Orange County located ?
Where is the Irvine Tech Center located ?
What is another name for Orange County ?
What type of business is Orange County ?
What is the central business district of San Diego ?
Where are most districts located ?
Along with Northern San Diego and some of the districts , where are most districts located ?
What city is the central business district of San Diego ?
Where is Southern California located ?
What is the second busiest airport in the US ?
What is the largest airport ?
What is the busiest airport in the world ?
What is the world 's busiest general airport ?
What is the commuter rail system called ?
How many lines are in the commuter rail system ?
How many lines of commuter rail system are there ?
How many counties does San Diego have ?
Where is Southern California located ?
What is the second busiest container port ?
Where is the Port of Los Angeles located ?
What is the name of the moniker that has use use ?
What type of university is Tech Coast ?
The California Institute of Technology is what type of institutions ?
How many University of California are in California ?
How many California State University campuses are in California ?
What is another name for the Professional Angeles Rams ?
What is another name for Los Angeles ?
What is another name for Los Angeles Dodgers ?
What is another name for Anaheim Ducks ?
What is another name for MLS ?
How many people were suspended following the 2014 MLS season ?
How many Major League Soccer teams were in Los Angeles ?
In what year were Chivas suspended ?
Where was the LA Galaxy team played ?
When did the second MLS team begin ?
What is the name of the college that is popular in southern California ?
In what county is the Bruins located ?
Who is the UCLA Bruins team in ?
Where is the USC Trojans located ?
Where is the UCLA Bruins team located ?
What is the growing sport in southern California ?
Where is Rugby located ?
What is another name for rugby ?
What company became the UK 's largest digital subscription company ?
What company became the UK 's largest digital subscription company ?
In what year did BSkyB launch its acquisition ?
What company changed its name to Sky plc ?
What company was the United Kingdom 's company name ?
In what year was the Setanta Sports packages awarded to broadcasters ?
How many Premier League packages were awarded to broadcasters ?
Who picked up the remaining four for £ 1.3bn ?
What did Sky bid for a package of 120 premier games ?
BSkyB was excluded from what consortium ?
What company did BSkyB join to join BSkyB ?
How many BSkyB channels were available on the platform ?
Who replaced the TV TV in 2005 ?
What was the name of Sky Three 's TV TV game ?
What was BSkyB 's subscription fees for ?
In what month and year was Sky users 3,393,000 Sky+ users ?
What was the smaller version of the Multiroom box ?
When was the non HD variant discontinued ?
What was the original name of the Sky Box ?
What kind of pay did BSkyB give to BSkyB ?
Who owned BSkyB ?
What company owned BSkyB ?
Who has design authority over all digital satellite receivers ?
What is another name for the Personal video recorder ?
In what year did BSkyB and Virgin Media become involved ?
What was the failure of the Virgin Media ?
What happened to BSkyB ?
What was the purpose of BSkyB 's new deal ?
What was the name of BSkyB 's new deal ?
When did BSkyB announce their settlement ?
What did Microsoft call SkyDrive ?
What did Microsoft call SkyDrive ?
What did Microsoft rename the settlement to rename ?
Who was the executive executive officer ?
What is the new package for four channels ?
When did BSkyB launch its analogue service ?
What is the name of the Sky 's expansion ?
How many households did BSkyB have ?
What is the name of the Sky UK Limited ?
What is Sky UK Limited 's company ?
How many customers does the UK have in 2015 ?
What was the UK 's most popular TV service ?
What is another name for a broadband router ?
What set does the Sky Q connect to ?
What is the purpose of a top boxes ?
In what year did Sky introduce UHD ?
In what year was Sky Q available to be available ?
What is BSkyB 's standard definition broadcasts ?
What kind of soundtracks does BSkyB have ?
What is Sky+ HD material broadcast using ?
What type of system do 7-day services and 7-day EPG use ?
What is BSkyB 's standard definition broadcasts ?
In what year was Sky Digital launched ?
What was the name of the satellite that Sky Digital was launched ?
What was the Astra 2A satellite called ?
How many television service did Sky sell ?
What was the position of the new position ?
When did BSkyB launch its HDTV service ?
How many people were registered to receive the HD service ?
What is the name of the set top box of BSkyB ?
What was Sky 's total number of homes with Sky+HD ?
When did BSkyB announce its intention to replace its three free channels ?
In what month and year did Setanta launch its subscription service ?
What platform did Setanta launch ?
What company was NTL 's services re - branded ?
What were the BSkyB 's portfolio ?
What do some broadcasts do ?
What is the monthly subscription for some broadcasts ?
What is another name for encrypted content ?
What does Provided mean ?
What is another name for the VideoGuard receiver ?
Who were the current rights holders ?
How much money was keep to keep control of the rights ?
Who was given the highlights of the matches ?
How much did BSkyB pay for the Premier League rights ?
What is the operating licence for BSkyB ?
What is the fee for BSkyB 's EPG ?
What opt for encryption receive discounts ?
Is BSkyB able to do what ?
Is BSkyB able to do what ?
When was BSkyB 's digital service launched ?
What was the name of BSkyB 's digital service ?
What was the name of BSkyB 's interactive service ?
What was the name of BSkyB 's cable services ?
How many digiboxes had been sold ?
In what year was Virgin Media re - branded ?
What is the name of the company re - branded ?
What is the name of the high - definition television capable top box ?
What is the name of the linear HD channel ?
What is the option for Virgin Media ?
How many homes were available in 2010 ?
What was the target of the broadcaster ?
When was the target announced ?
How much money was subscribed to BSkyB ?
What type of birds were debated in Europe ?
What was the goal of the payments ?
What did the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program buy ?
What was BSkyB 's subscription to BSkyB ?
What was the UK 's benefits agency checking ?
What did the single mother do to sports channels ?
What is the annual carriage fees ?
What is the Video On Demand ?
What company agreed to terminate all High Court proceedings ?
Along with Virgin Media and High Definition , what company is based in the Video On Demand ?
What did BSkyB and Virgin terminate against ?
What is the economy of Victoria ?
Where is Victoria 's total state product ranked in Australia ?
Where is Victoria 's total state product ranked ?
What city is the sporting capital of Australia ?
What is the largest stadium in Australia ?
What is another name for Chinese miners ?
Where did the riots occur ?
Where was the riot located ?
How many miners died in Buckland Valley in 1854 ?
What were the gold fields ?
What was the Victorian Legislative Council held under ?
How many electorates was the State of Victoria divided into ?
How many representatives are in the State of Victoria ?
How long is the lower house members of the upper house ?
How long does congress take place ?
Which state is strongest in Melbourne ?
What is Melbourne 's main support ?
What team is strongest in Victoria 's North Western and Eastern rural areas ?
Who won their first lower house in 2014 ?
Which state is strongest in Melbourne ?
What percentage of Victorians describe themselves as Christian ?
How much of the Victorian population is Roman ?
What is the state 's largest non - Christian religion ?
How many members are in Buddhism ?
What percentage of Victorians claim no religion ?
Where is Victoria located ?
What type of state is Victoria ?
What is Victoria 's state overall ?
What is the largest city in Port Phillip Bay ?
What is the largest city in Melbourne ?
What is the large number of Aboriginal peoples known as ?
In what year was Victoria 's Australian continent claimed ?
What colony was Victoria included in ?
Where did the first settlement occur ?
In what year did the first settlement occur ?
How many square kilometres of Victorian farmland are there ?
What percentage of wheat is sown for wheat ?
How many square kilometres of hay is there ?
How many Australian pears does Victorian have ?
How many tonnes of pears were produced ?
When was Victoria 's constitution enacted ?
When was Victoria 's constitution based ?
What is the Victorian Constitution amended by ?
What is the Victorian Constitution ?
What law established the 1855 colonial constitution ?
Where do the Mallee and upper winds migrate from ?
What is Tucson 's temperatures exceed ?
What is the winter temperatures in winter ?
What is the highest maximum temperature in Victoria ?
When was Victoria 's highest maximum temperature recorded ?
What is public schools known as ?
Who is responsible for public schools ?
What type of costs is levied ?
What religious denomination is home to parish schools ?
What type of standards do NPOs comply ?
What is the global industry for Victoria ?
In what year was Victoria 's base year ?
In what year did Holden 's announcement occur ?
In what year did Holden 's announcement occur ?
What was the name of the Victorian plants in Broadmeadows ?
How much land is the Victorian alpine areas ?
What is the highest peak in Victoria ?
How high is Mount Bogong ?
What is the extensive series of Victoria ?
What is the state bird called ?
What is the coldest part of Victoria ?
What is the Alps part of ?
Where is the Great Dividing Range extending ?
What is the highest parts of Tucson 's temperatures ?
What is the state 's lowest temperature ?
What provided Rail transport in Victoria ?
What is another name for Melbourne 's passenger system ?
Who owns V / Line ?
What type of services does CFCL CFCL Melbourne operate ?
What type of system is Metro Trains Melbourne ?
How many seats does Victoria have ?
How many seats does Victoria have ?
What is the lower house in Victoria ?
What is the upper house ?
Who is the Governor of Victoria ?
When was the election of Victoria issued ?
In what year was gold discovered ?
What is the largest gold in the world ?
What is the population of Victoria ?
How many ounces of gold did Victoria produce ?
How many public schools did Victoria have ?
How many Catholic schools did Victoria have ?
How many students were enrolled in public schools ?
How many full - time teachers does Victoria have ?
How many private students attend Catholic schools ?
Who is the centre of dairy farming in Australia ?
How many dairy cattle does Australia have ?
What is the percentage of Australia 's dairy cattle ?
What is the nation 's milk ?
Where is the abalone and rock lobster exported ?
What is the Victorian lines used for ?
What is the number of branch lines in the state ?
How much lines does the tourist railways operate ?
Where are the government owned ?
How many government lines are found in narrow gauge lines ?
In what year was the colony of New South Wales founded ?
What was Australia divided into ?
What was the name of Australia 's western half ?
In what city was New Holland located ?
In what year was Victoria rebellion ?
What was the name of Victoria 's mining taxes ?
Who crushed the colonial ?
What did the administration cause to reform ?
What was the passage of Victoria 's government called ?
What is the leader of the Premier League ?
Who is the leader of the political party ?
What is the Cabinet consist of ?
Who is the current Premier of Victoria ?
What type of government is Cabinet ?
What is the gross value of Victorian agricultural production ?
What was the gross value of Victorian agricultural production ?
How many farms were occupied in 2004 ?
How large is the 32,463 farms ?
How much of the state 's land surface is there ?
How many part of Victoria 's events are in Victoria ?
What type of tourism is Victoria ?
Where are most of the most famous events ?
Where is the Grand Annual Steeplechase located ?
What is the name of the Port Autumn Festival ?
How many French Catholics were in France ?
How many French Catholics were in France ?
When did the Wars of Religion end ?
What was the wars called ?
What happened to the Edict of Nantes ?
Where was a term used ?
What was the name of the Swiss politician that died in 1532 ?
What was John Calvin 's home ?
In what plot did the label Huguenot originate ?
In what year was the Amboise plot introduced ?
What was important to the spread of the Reformed church ?
What was the French version of the Scriptures ?
Who was the Roman Catholic priest ?
In what year was the manuscript printed ?
Where was the manuscript printed ?
What was Montpellier 's most important ?
Who was the most important of the Huguenots ?
In what year did the royal army take place ?
What was dead in 1629 ?
When was the Edict of Alès ?
Where did the Huguenots settle ?
Where was the first Huguenot to establish a settlement ?
Who was the first Huguenot to arrive at the Cape of Good Hope ?
Where was the first group of Huguenots set ?
In what year did the Huguenots arrive in the Cape ?
When did Huguenots arrive to North America ?
Who led the Huguenots in New France ?
What did the Huguenots establish in 1628 ?
What is the Episcopal church called ?
In what borough did the first Europeans live ?
Where did the Huguenots settle ?
What district did Jacques de Bordeaux live to ?
In what year was the British Crown founded ?
Who purchased the slave owners ?
Where was Rev. Elie Prioleau from ?
Who was the strongest opponent of king Louis XIV ?
What position did William III of Orange hold ?
What league did William join ?
What country did many Huguenots belong to ?
In what year did William III capture the Dutch Republic ?
What was the name of Louis XIV 's Edict ?
When did the Edict of Fontainebleau end ?
Who led the Edict of Nantes ?
How many Huguenots died in France ?
What church is the Huguenots ?
What was the height of the persecution ?
How many people were killed in the St. Bartholomew 's Day massacre ?
What happened to the Huguenots ?
Why was the Huguenots killed ?
What were the three small civil wars called ?
Where did the Huguenot rebellions take place ?
When did the Huguenot rebellions take place ?
Who died during the uprising ?
What was the name of the successor ?
How many Protestants are in modern France ?
How much of France 's population is in modern France ?
Where in France is most of the most popular ?
What mountain region is in the south ?
From what country is Huguenot thought ?
What is another name for New York City ?
Where is New York City located ?
What is the oldest street in America ?
What is the Huguenot Street Historic District known as ?
Where was the Huguenots settled ?
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees ?
How many people lived in the Huguenot Republic ?
How many people visit the time of time ?
Where was the first areas of Huguenot immigrants located ?
What was the largest group of Huguenot refugees ?
Where was the prétendus réformés located ?
Who was the gate of King Hugo ?
The gate of King Hugo was haunted by whom ?
What was the name given to Tours ?
In what year did the prétendus réformés appear ?
Where is the Walloons and Huguenots located ?
What was the site of a weaving school ?
What did many Huguenots do ?
What areas of Kent were used in Kent ?
What is the restaurant adapted as ?
Where were the Huguenots from ?
Where is the Huguenot Church located ?
Where is D'Olier Street located ?
What did D'Olier Street in Dublin named after ?
What is the name of the French church in Portarlington ?
What did the exodus of France create ?
Where was the French crown refusal to settle ?
Who did the French crown refusal to allow ?
What was the name of the North American War ?
When did the British invade New France ?
Who was the Edict of Nantes ?
In what year did the warfare begin ?
What happened to the Edict ?
What was the Edict ?
What religion was Henry of Navarre ?
What was the revocation of Protestant services ?
What is the revocation of Protestant services ?
How many North colonies emigrated to the North American colonies ?
What were the Huguenots called ?
What were some of the business leaders in the country ?
Where did the first Huguenots leave freedom from ?
Where did the French colonisers arrive in 1555 ?
Where was the French colonisers located ?
What happened to the fort in 1560 ?
What was the first Protestant confession ?
What language do many families belong to ?
What owes a significant debt to the Huguenots ?
Where in South Africa is the farms located ?
What language do many families have ?
Who was descended from Huguenot refugees ?
Who was Paul Revere 's was descended as ?
Where is the last Huguenot congregation located ?
What is the Huguenot Society of America ?
What state is the largest ?
What industry did many Huguenots settle in ?
What is another name for lace ?
What is the only reference for immigrant lacemakers ?
When did lace develop ?
What new neighbourhoods were created in Berlin ?
How much of the population was French speaking in 1700 ?
What happened to switch to German ?
In what year did Napoleon switch to German in protest ?
What are some of the congregations that were founded ?
What country did Frederick William William belong to ?
What part of France was the Huguenots in ?
What was the regional group in the early 18th century ?
What was the Huguenots rioted against ?
In what years did the French take place ?
In what city is Fort Johns located ?
Who established the small colony of Fort Caroline ?
What colony did Jean Ribault establish ?
What type of forces were stranded ?
In what year did the French invade St. Augustine ?
What outpost was founded in 1562 ?
Where was Charlesfort located ?
Who was the settlement sent to La Augustine ?
In what year was the second voyage to build a colony ?
What was abandoned a return voyage ?
In what state did French Huguenots settle ?
In what county was the English Crown located ?
What was the Monacan village known as ?
How many settlers were in the isolated settlement ?
When was the Virginia General Assembly passed ?
When was the Dutch Revolt ?
What country did many Huguenots fight in the Low Countries ?
What was William the Silent ?
What was the name of the " Apologie " ?
How many churches are in the Prinsenhof ?
What act did the Huguenots cross to England ?
In what year did the Foreign Protestants Naturalization Act occur ?
How many Protestant Walloons were fled to England ?
Who was the exiled community in London ?
What did Andrew Lortie become known for ?
Where did Huguenot regiments fight ?
Who did Huguenot regiments fight for in Ireland ?
Where were most Huguenot settlements located ?
What did many settlements contributed to ?
What industry was the growth of flax cultivation ?
Who was the Huguenot community in 1604 ?
What did Prince Louis de Condé do in 1604 ?
What did the Condés establish ?
In what decade did many people settle to the United States ?
Where was the Huguenot community located ?
What were the Huguenot émigrés relocated to ?
Where did the Huguenot émigrés move to ?
What was the name of the land that spread beyond Europe ?
What is the name of the English colonies that were accepted to worship ?
What happened to the Dutch colonies ?
Who was the name of the " Hugues hypothesis " ?
What hypothesis believes that the name was derived from Capet ?
Who is an example of a name that is roughly equivalent to little Hugos ?
What is the purpose of the name huguenote ?
What is another name for double or triple ?
Who was the Gallican church ?
Where was Lefevre located ?
In what year was the whole Bible created ?
Who was a leader of the Swiss Reformation ?
Who converted Protestantism to Protestantism ?
When was the St. Bartholomew 's Day Massacre ?
Who killed thousands of Huguenots in Paris ?
How many Protestants were slaughtered in Toulouse ?
In what year was a amnesty granted ?
How many Protestants had been massacred in Paris ?
Who gained the throne in 1643 ?
What happened to Louis XIV in 1643 ?
Why did he respond to Catholicism ?
What happened to the Huguenot school ?
What was the name given to the military ?
In what county is New Rochelle located ?
What is another name for Davenports Neck ?
Who bought the Lord of Pelham Manor ?
What was the former name of New Rochelle ?
What was the name of the church replaced by the Catholic church ?
What do most Huguenot congregations have ?
What happened to the Huguenots ?
What was the name of Lavoisier 's student mills ?
How long did it take to use French first ?
What type of gunpowder was created by E.I. du Pont ?
Who was the most prominent Huguenot refugees in the Netherlands ?
Where did Chopin begin working ?
What was the name of Chopin 's multi - volume masterpiece ?
What is the name of the 100 foundational texts ?
What is the name of the celebration that is feast ?
What was established by Royal Charter in 1550 ?
In what year was the French Protestant Church established ?
Where is Tucson 's now located ?
What is the name of the Huguenot refugees in London ?
In what year was the Black Eagle Brewery founded ?
Where was Huguenot refugees located ?
Where are the Huguenot refugees located ?
What was the name of the Edict ?
What was Frederick William 's position ?
How many regiments did the Huguenots have ?
Who was the Elector of Brandenburg ?
What was the name of the poet von Hermann von François ?
Who was the hero of the Luftwaffe ?
Who is the last Prime Minister ?
What is the Huguenot family ?
What type of power can be used ?
What is the ideal thermodynamic cycle ?
What type of water is transforms ?
What type of pressure is transforms ?
What type of engines are Steam engines ?
What was the first true engine ?
Who invented the atmospheric engine ?
In what year was the atmospheric engine created ?
What was the improvement for Savery ?
Who proposed the piston steam pump ?
Where was the first full railway locomotive built ?
When was the first railway locomotive built ?
Where was the first railway locomotive built ?
Where was the first railway locomotive built ?
Where was the first railway locomotive built ?
What kind of pump do steam engines have ?
What type of pumps do Utility and industrial boilers use ?
In what decade did Injectors become popular ?
What type of locomotives were used in the 1850s ?
What is a injector ?
How many expansion stages are used ?
What is another name for engines that use engines ?
In what century was the Yarrow - Tweedy system used ?
What was the Yarrow - Tweedy system used for ?
What is another name for large passenger liners ?
What is another name for Stephenson ?
What is the usual compromise solution ?
What may be present in the crown of the boiler 's firebox ?
What happens to the water level drops ?
What is an example of a water level drops ?
What happens to the water level drops ?
What effect does the steam escape have ?
Who patented continuous rotary motion ?
What did James Watt 's steam engine produce ?
How many - horsepower engines were powered ?
When did engines provide 10,000 hp ?
What was a key component of the stationary steam engine ?
When did the steam engine start back back ?
Who was the first rudimentary steam engine ?
Who was the mathematician of Alexandria ?
Who created a steam turbine device ?
When did Jerónimo de Ayanz y Beaumont purchase patents ?
What came into the end of the 19th century ?
What was the name of the stages of stages ?
What was important to reduce the weight of coal ?
What was the weight of double and triple expansion ?
What was the dominant source of power ?
What was the final evolution of the steam engine design ?
In what century did the use of steam turbines begin ?
How many horsepower does the steam engines have ?
How much of the electric power is produced in the United States ?
What type of power is provided by steam turbines ?
What is the heat commonly used for ?
What type of heating is used in the case ?
What is the most useful instrument for steam engines ?
In what year were early versions of early recordings developed ?
What was the most successful indicator engine ?
Who developed the most successful indicator engine ?
Where was the most successful indicator for Charles Porter ?
How high is the two - cylinder compounds ?
How high is the 4-cylinder compound ?
How high is the double expansion group ?
What is another name for each stroke ?
How many piston strokes does the complete engine have ?
How many rotation cycle does the complete engine cycle contain ?
How many events does the complete engine have ?
What is the cycle cycle called ?
What type of cycle is used in the port ?
What is the aim of the uniflow ?
What type of cylinder is a expansion of the simple expansion engine ?
What is another name for the pivot mounting ?
What is another name for toys ?
What type of ships are used in the compactness system ?
What is the working fluid fluid ?
What is the closed loop system called ?
What is the working fluid in the mercury vapor turbine ?
What is the fluid of choice due to its favourable properties ?
What is the efficiency of a Rankine cycle limited by ?
What is the temperatures limit for stainless entry ?
What is the creep limit ?
What is the condenser temperatures in the temperatures ?
What is the theoretical Carnot efficiency of the coal station ?
What can be the moving force behind the Industrial Revolution ?
What is another name for motorcycles ?
Along with mills and mills , what type of transportation is used in the Industrial Revolution ?
What did the use of agriculture led to ?
What was the name of the trio concluding ?
What type of locomotive Salamanca was locomotive ?
What was the name of the twin locomotive Salamanca ?
Who built the Locomotion ?
Who invented the Woolf high - pressure engine ?
What nationality was Arthur Woolf ?
What can be reduced ?
What is a larger volume of lower steam steam ?
How much of the world 's electric production was in electricity generation ?
What type of engines does steam turbines have ?
What type of turbines have supplanted steam propulsion ?
What type of turbines were used in marine service ?
What type of gearing is steam turbines ?
What is the fundamental underpinning of the steam engine ?
What is the heat added to ?
In what decade did Rankine steam cycles begin ?
What is another name for coal power ?
What nationality was William John Macquorn ?
What was the historical measure of a steam engine ?
How long was the concept of duty ?
How much coal is the bushel ?
How many Newcomen designs were there ?
How many duty designs were able to deliver duty ?
What was the ascendancy of power in power generation ?
What remained the dominant source of power ?
What type of type is the great majority of electric generation ?
What gradually resulted in the replacement of electric motors ?
Who developed the first water pump ?
What was the first commercial steam - powered device ?
In what year was the first water pump developed ?
Who introduced an ingenious improvement of Savery 's construction ?
Who described the Philosophical Transactions ?
What was the name of the Richard Evans 's steam steam ?
Who introduced high - pressure steam ?
When was the high - pressure engine obtained ?
What type of applications could be used to be small ?
What was the steam engine called ?
What was the name of Sweden 's company ?
Where is the company Energiprojekt AB located ?
What type of engine is the engine ?
What is the lb kWh of steam per kWh ?
What is the efficiency of Energiprojekt 's steam engine ?
What is the cold sink used for ?
What is a dry type tower similar to ?
What is a dry type tower used for ?
What is another name for Evaporative ?
What governor was adopted by James Watt ?
What was the name of Watt 's partner ?
How large was Boulton 's partner ?
What was the constant constant speed for the governor ?
What did the governor not do ?
In what year did compounding become popular ?
Where was the adoption of compounding not popular ?
Why was the adoption of compounding often perceived ?
In what year was compounding common ?
What was the adoption of compounding ?
What is the reversing event called ?
What is another name for excessive compression ?
exhaust steam can not do what ?
What type of length is the simplest valve gears ?
Who was the first patent for a steam engine ?
What nationality was the first patent for a steam engine ?
When was the first patent for a steam engine created ?
In what year was a steam pump patented ?
When was the first steam engine used ?
What is another name for a steam turbine ?
What is a steam turbine mounted on ?
What is another name for stators ?
What is another name for stators ?
How many revolutions are in the US ?
What type of motors have been superseded by mobile applications ?
What is most electric power generated using ?
What is another name for the ?
What has incited a renewed interest in steam ?
What is another name for pistonless ?
Where is the Wankel engine located ?
What is the major problem with sealing rotors ?
In what year was James Watt born ?
What did James Watt introduce ?
How much was Boulton 's early engines ?
What was the name of Watt 's early engines ?
What were the air pressure powered by ?
How many independent mechanisms does Steam engines have ?
What type of valve do safety valves restrain ?
What is the more recent type of safety valve ?
What was the horizontal engine ?
When was the Corliss steam engine patented ?
How many - valve counter engine did the Corliss steam engine have ?
What was Corliss known for ?
How much less less steam is used steam ?
What contributed to the steam engine ?
What was the experimental measurements for the model ?
What was the development of the steam engine ?
Who confirmed latent heat ?
What was the name of the discoverer of Watt ?
What is the Rankine cycle ?
What type of phase is the working fluid ?
How much of the turbine 's pump does the pump receive ?
What is the range of turbine entry ?
What is another name for pumps ?
What is the purpose of the water ?
What is the temperature of the steam point called ?
What is another name for coal ?
What is coal used for ?
What was usually available for steam engines ?
What was the name of the invention that steam turbine ?
What was the name of the battleships that speed speed ?
What type of liners did the British use ?
In what year was the HMS Dreadnought created ?
What is an example of a nuclear power plants ?
What is the purpose of steam power plants ?
What is a steam drives ?
What type of transmission is used to connect propulsion ?
In what country was Sweden a success ?
What is the Rankine cycle referred to as ?
Where is the rejection of rejection ?
What is another term for isobaric ?
What is the constant temperature in the theoretical Carnot cycle ?
What type of form is used in a compressor ?
How many atomic number does Oxygen have ?
What is the third abundant element in the universe ?
What is the 20.8 % of the Earth 's atmosphere ?
How many atoms bind dioxygen ?
How much of the crust is Oxygen ?
How many atomic number does Oxygen have ?
What group is the periodic table a member of ?
What type of wood is Oxygen ?
What is the rank of oxygen in the universe ?
What is another name for two atoms ?
What is the energy of sunlight called ?
What is the energy of energy from water called ?
What is most of the mass of living organisms ?
What type of mass is oxygen ?
What is the energy of sunlight called ?
What is the energy of sunlight to produce ?
What is another name for O 3 ?
Who was necessary for combustion in the late 17th century ?
Who was the English chemist of the chemist ?
What is consumed in both respiration and combustion ?
What is John Mayow 's profession ?
Who was necessary for combustion in the late 17th century ?
What was John Mayow known for ?
When was air is necessary for combustion ?
nitroaereus is consumed in what ?
Who was the English chemist of the chemist ?
What was the name of the book that published his findings ?
What was the name of Joseph Priestley 's British ?
What is the name of the sunlight in the meantime ?
What is another name for mercuric oxide ?
What is the name of the sunlight in the meantime ?
What was the gas tube called ?
In what year was Priestley published ?
What was the priority for the first step ?
What happened to the mouse ?
Who built Philo 's work ?
What was the name of the writer that conducted the relationship between combustion and air ?
In what century was mechanics conducted ?
What was the name of the writer that conducted the relationship between combustion and air ?
What were parts of the air in the vessel ?
What was the name of Philo 's work ?
Who built Philo 's work ?
What is the portion of Philo 's work ?
What is needed to trigger combustion ?
What is another name for Oxygen ?
What do Combustion hazards apply to ?
What is the concentrated sources of oxygen promote ?
What is needed to trigger combustion ?
What is another name for Oxygen ?
What is the source of Oxygen ?
What compounds can donate oxygen to a fire ?
What do Concentrated O 2 will allow to proceed ?
What is the purpose of O 2 systems ?
What does O 2 systems require to ensure ignition sources ?
What was the name of the fire that attacked the pad test ?
What is the Earth 's crustal rock called ?
What is the form of Oxygen ?
What is the form of Oxygen ?
What is the Earth 's Earth called ?
What is the Earth 's Earth ?
What is the Earth 's Earth ?
What is the rest of the Earth 's crust called ?
What was John Dalton 's original atomic hypothesis ?
What type of atomic ratios did John Dalton have ?
What was Dalton 's formula ?
What is the assumption of water elemental molecules ?
What is another name for wood ?
What type of wood has gains weight ?
What did the buoyancy of gaseous combustion products cause ?
What was the phlogiston theory incorrect for ?
What did most common objects appear to become ?
What is the purpose of a digimon ?
What is the bond order of the filling of oxygen ?
What is the double bond called ?
What is the bond described as ?
What is a covalent double bond ?
In what years was Oxygen discovered ?
In what year was Oxygen discovered ?
In what year was Priestley given priority ?
Who coined the name oxygen ?
What type of theory was oxygen ?
What is the configuration called ?
What is the O 2 molecule referred to as ?
What type of electrons does the electrons have ?
What type of combustion does the unpaired electrons have ?
What is the highest energy in the USAF ?
What type of trapped was consumed ?
What happened to the tin ?
When was Sur la général published ?
What is another name for Gk ?
What is produced in the upper atmosphere ?
What type of oxygen is damaging to lung tissue ?
What is the reactive allotrope damaging to ?
What is the ozone layer of ozone ?
What is another name for O 2 ?
What is the common allotrope of elemental oxygen on Earth called ?
What is the bond length of 121 pm kJ·mol−1 ?
What is the part of the Earth 's atmosphere ?
What does O2 stand for ?
What is it called when O2 is used ?
Who was able to produce liquid oxygen to study ?
In what year was James Dewar able to produce enough liquid oxygen ?
When was the first viable process for liquid oxygen created ?
What welding was demonstrated in 1901 ?
What is more soluble in water than nitrogen ?
What is the solubility of oxygen in water ?
What is the freshwater atmosphere of oxygen ?
What is the solubility of solubility per liter ?
What is the solubility of oxygen in water ?
What type of chemical element is Oxygen ?
What is the most abundant chemical element in the universe ?
What percentage of the Sun 's mass is oxygen ?
What is the major component of the Earth 's crust ?
What is the O 2 ?
In what century did air could be liquefied ?
What components of air could be liquefied ?
What was the name of the Swiss chemist ?
How much of the liquid were no meaningful analysis ?
When was the first time in the UK ?
Where did the isotope ratios occur ?
The Sun has a higher proportion of what ?
What spacecraft did the Sun destroy ?
What is the measurement implies of ?
Where did the dust of dust form ?
What is a name for several higher - energy species ?
What is the reactive oxygen reactive to ?
Where is singlet oxygen formed ?
What is the ozone in the troposphere called ?
What type of photosynthetic organisms can cause harm ?
What measure the ratio of oxygen-18 and oxygen-16 ?
How long did the ratio of marine organisms determine ?
What is the % faster rate for water ?
What is the seawater left to be higher ?
What is the cause of snow and rain ?
What is the wavelengths for two spectrophotometric absorption bands ?
What is the possible method of monitoring ?
What type of platform do some bands characterize ?
What is the possible method of carbon cycle ?
What type of sensing scientists use the measurement of the radiance coming ?
What is another name for O 2 molecules ?
What may be supported against its poles ?
What is an example of a spin magnetic moments ?
What type of field is magnetic character ?
What is another name for liquid oxygen ?
What are the superoxide ion species ?
Parts and singlet oxygen create what ?
What is another name for plants ?
What is Oxygen toxic to ?
How old is the dominant form of anaerobic organisms ?
How high is Oxygen condenses ?
What type of substances are found in the sky ?
What is the fractional distillation of High purity ?
What is another name for hydrogen oxygen ?
What is the reactive substance segregated from ?
Where does Free oxygen occur ?
What is the increased solubility for O 2 ?
What is the higher density of life ?
What is the aspect of water quality ?
What is the growth of polluted polluted nutrients ?
How long did it take for photosynthetic gas ?
When was it first used ?
What type of formations form iron in the oceans ?
How long did it take for the present level of oxygen ?
When did free oxygen begin ?
What is the high concentration of oxygen gas on Earth ?
What is the cycle called ?
How many main reservoirs are on Earth ?
What is the main driving factor of the oxygen cycle ?
What does Photosynthesis releases into ?
What is the O 2 gas ?
What is the gas stream of O 2 gas ?
What does the O 2 sieves produce ?
What type of technologies is Oxygen gas ?
What is Oxygen gas ?
What is the electrolysis process used for ?
What can be produced through electrolysis ?
What must be used for AC ?
What is the electrocatalytic O 2 evolution ?
What type of catalysts can be used ?
What is another name for Oxygen ?
What is another name for Oxygen ?
What happens to Professional athletes ?
What do some O 2 mixtures have breathed during ?
What type of effect is the pharmacological effect ?
What type of chambers does the O 2 contain ?
What does a O 2 concentration prevent ?
Oxygen gas is poisonous to what ?
What type of disease occurs in divers ?
What is the essential purpose of the air ?
What is used to treat emphysema ?
What type of disease is pneumonia ?
What is used to treat emphysema ?
What is another name for emphysema ?
What is an example of a oxygen forms ?
What is another name for oxygen forms ?
What is another name for wüstite ?
What is the surface of most metals ?
What is an example of a surface of oxide ?
What is another name for O 2 ?
What type of chemical pressure is used to drop cabin ?
What is a steady stream of oxygen gas ?
What type of oxygen is produced by the exothermic reaction ?
What type of methods are high pressure tanks ?
Where is oxygen transported in bulk ?
Where is oxygen transported in bulk ?
What type of gas is Oxygen ?
What do tankers stand for ?
What type of solvents is the most important ?
What type of solvents is the most important ?
What type of materials are used in Acetone ?
What is the oxygen atom part of ?
What type of organic solvents is most likely to be found ?
How is the element found ?
How many complex biomolecules are there ?
What is the largest proportion of oxygen ?
What is an example of a oxygen ?
What part of the brain is calcium phosphate ?
What can happen to deep scuba diving ?
Prolonged breathing can lead to permanent what ?
What is the O 2 partial pressures ?
What is the most feared effect for divers ?
What is the most feared effect for divers ?
What is the cause of no damage ?
How much pressure is the O 2 partial pressure ?
How much normal is the O 2 partial pressure ?
How many sea - level pressure does the arterial blood have ?
What happens to Apollo 's spacecraft ?
How is O 2 toxic ?
How does Oxygen toxicity occur ?
How much rain does toxicity last ?
What type of ventilators is it called ?
How many % of gas masks are composed ?
In what year did the oil crisis begin ?
How much was the price of oil per barrel ?
When was the " second oil shock " introduced ?
What was the oil crisis called ?
What year did the Organization of Arab Petroleum Exporting Countries end ?
Why did many European nations try to disassociate themselves ?
What type of negotiations did the Nixon administration begin ?
When was the Israeli troop withdrawal withdrawal from the Sinai Peninsula ?
When did Arab oil producers lift the embargo ?
On what date was the Bretton Woods Accord pulled ?
What happens to the currency values ?
In what month and year did OPEC price oil in terms of gold ?
Why was the dollars priced in Burma ?
What was the dollar price of oil in 1947 ?
In what year was OPEC slow to readjust prices ?
What was the substantial price of gold ?
What caused the price stable versus other currencies and commodities ?
When was the surprise attack on Israel ?
What country was the world 's second largest oil exporter ?
What is it called when the price should pay ?
What was the name of the Shah 's Shah ?
When did the renewal of hostilities occur ?
What was the posted price of oil in 1973 ?
What was the date of OPEC 's price of oil ?
What happened to the embargo ?
How much money did Nixon give to Israel ?
What was the posted price of oil in 1973 ?
How much did Saudi Arabia pay for Islam ?
What are the al - Haramain Foundation ?
In what region did the political tensions occur ?
What was the reason for the income for underdeveloped nations ?
What is Saudi Arabia known as ?
What has been responsible for recessions ?
What country was the Middle East confrontation with ?
In what year was equality based on both parties ?
Who 's dominance is no match ?
What had a negative influence on the US economy ?
What is the price increases in many industries ?
What problems consisted of inflationary and deflationary impacts ?
What is another name for oil supplies ?
How long do oil and developing fields required ?
What country faced a complete embargo ?
Who was an ally of Israel ?
Who did Harold Wilson support during the Six - Day War ?
Who was the successor of Israel in 1970 ?
What country had a oil crisis ?
What happened to the oil crisis ?
What is the major factor in the UK ?
What country rationed gasoline and heating oil ?
What exacerbated the crisis in the US ?
What is the price for oil to encourage investment ?
What is the price for oil to encourage investment ?
What was hydrogen addressed by ?
Who was the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office ?
In what year was the first Administrator of the Federal Energy Office created ?
Why was the Administrator of the Federal Energy Office created ?
How many American gasoline stations have no fuel ?
What is the national speed limit of the Emergency Highway Energy Act ?
What is a national speed limit ?
Who signed the National Highway Designation Act ?
When was the National Highway Designation Act signed ?
In what year was the Department of Energy created ?
What led to greater interest in renewable energy ?
What does the crisis ignore ?
Who has repeatedly backed policies ?
What was the name of the United States declassified documents ?
Who was the Ambassador of Defense Cromer ?
How long was the American occupation of the United States ?
What was the total alienation ’ ?
What country was the most dependent on Arab oil ?
What percentage of oil came from the Middle East in 1970 ?
What happened to the Saudi and Kuwaiti governments ?
When did Japan announce a statement ?
When was Japan considered a Arab state ?
What country did the USSR invade ?
Which countries became dependent on American security assurances ?
What country became dependent on American security assurances ?
In what month and year was the large scale of arms purchase ?
When was the Grand Mosque in Mecca ?
How many cars did the crisis cause ?
What is the name of the imports imports ?
What type of engines were more fuel efficient ?
What is the name of the imports imports ?
In what year did the voluntary export of plants begin ?
What was the name of the first Japanese cars ?
What was the name of the Toyota 's Toyota trucks ?
What was the name of the Forte Forte ?
What joint partnerships did Mitsubishi and Isuzu have ?
What type of policy did the American makers have ?
What forced North America to introduce domestic sales ?
How many passengers did the Dodge Omni / Plymouth Horizon have ?
What year did the average American vehicle moved per gallon ?
What were the only price price models ?
In what year was American cars virtually shrunk ?
In what year was Chrysler 's full luxury year ?
What was the name of the Federal safety standards ?
In what year did OPEC lose its preeminent position ?
In what decade was the world price decreased ?
Saudi Arabia trying to do what ?
What was the world 's world price ?
What is European Union law ?
What is the main sources of primary law ?
What is the primary definition of education ?
What is the legislature of the European Union composed of ?
What is European Union law ?
What does Regulations and Directives have ?
What are the three sources of European Union law ?
What is the legislature of the European Union composed of ?
What are the three sources of European Union law ?
What is the main sources of primary law ?
What is the legislature of the European Union composed of ?
How many sources of European Union law are there ?
What is the European Union law applied by ?
What is the laws of member states enforced by ?
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law ?
What is the sources of European Union law ?
What is the European Union law applied by ?
What is the European Commission 's member called ?
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law ?
What is the Court of Justice called ?
What is the European Union law applied by ?
What is the laws of member states enforced by ?
What is the highest court able to interpret European Union law ?
What is the sources of European Union law ?
What is the EU 's primary constitutional sources ?
Who has the initiative to propose legislation ?
Who is responsible for the European Parliament ?
What is the supreme judicial body ?
What is the Prime Minister ?
What is the " core " treaties ?
What is another name for the TEU ?
What is the attainment of the states called ?
What is the Treaty of Justice ?
What is the definition of treaty apply ?
What is the " core " treaties ?
What are the European Union law ?
What is the definition of treaty apply ?
What is the attainment of the states called ?
What did the principal Treaties of Rome start ?
What did the principal Treaties establish ?
In what year did Norway join Greece ?
How many member of Norway did Norway have ?
What signed a Treaty in 1985 ?
What did the principal Treaties of Rome start ?
When was the Maastricht Treaty formed ?
In what year was the Single European Act signed ?
In what year did Norway join Greece ?
When did Greenland sign a Treaty ?
What treaty was an attempt to reform the constitutional law ?
What happened to the Constitution ?
What was the constitutional treaty called ?
What was the constitutional treaty called ?
What did the constitutional treaty cause ?
What was the Nice Treaty ?
What did the Nice Treaty do ?
What happened to the Constitution ?
What treaty was enacted ?
Who is the main executive body of the European Union ?
Who has a monopoly on the legislative procedure ?
Who is the ex - Luxembourg Prime Minister ?
What is the Commissioner of Lisbon 's Commissioner ?
Who is the Commission 's President ?
Who is the ex - Luxembourg Prime Minister ?
How are Decisions taken ?
When did Ireland consent to changes in the Treaty of Lisbon 2007 ?
What type of Commissioners are there ?
Who was censured in 1999 ?
What was the name of the culture that developed a culture ?
Who is responsible for the six - person board ?
What is the voting rights called ?
In what year was the Santer Commission passed ?
Who was the European Court of Justice ?
What was the name of the culture that developed a culture ?
What was the creation of the government called ?
In what year was the Maltese Commissioner for Health investigated ?
What is the Council ?
Who is the former Prime Minister ?
What is the goal of voting ?
How many votes are in votes ?
How many votes does the EU have ?
What is the second main legislative body ?
How long does it take for the President ?
How many votes does the EU have ?
What is the population of the EU ?
What is the essence of the Council ?
What is the Parliament must vote by ?
What is it called to change EU law ?
What type of state that powers remain conferred ?
Who has the final say ?
What defines the " ordinary legislative procedure " ?
What is it blocked by ?
What type of state that powers remain conferred ?
What is another name for the Conciliation ?
What is the important role in the EU ?
What is the main judicial body ?
How many members does the Treaty of Treaty have ?
What is most EU law applied by ?
What is the CJEU 's duty ?
How is the Treaties of the law observed ?
What is the main judicial body ?
What is a deal with EU staff issues ?
How long is a president elected ?
What is the CJEU 's duty ?
What is the Court of Justice called ?
In what years was Italy contrary to Italy ?
What has develop principles to resolve conflicts ?
In what year was Mr Costa refused to pay his electricity bill ?
What was the opinion of the nationalisation law ?
What kind of law takes primacy over national law ?
What is the goal of the Court of Justice ?
In what year was the European Communities Act passed ?
What is the German Constitutional Court ?
What is the EU 's legitimacy on ?
What binds EU institutions to follow the law ?
How many actions can be subject to judicial review ?
What is the European Union 's governance called ?
What was Van Gend en Loos 's article ?
What type of company was Van Gend en Loos ?
What is another name for EU Regulations ?
What is another term for citizens ?
How long does the Working Time Directive cost each year ?
How many days has the Working Time Directive require ?
When was the Advocate Generals persuasively controversial ?
What is a Directive 's deadline for implementation ?
What is a Directive 's deadline for ?
How long did Ms Kücükdeveci work for ?
What was the name of Mrs Foster 's employer ?
What happened to British Gas plc ?
What have a duty to interpret domestic law ?
What did the Court of Justice required for ?
What happened to the Italian government ?
How much money was Venetian firm allowed to claim ?
Who created the principles of European Union law ?
What is the European Union Law ?
When was the European Court of Justice established ?
When is the principle of proportionality recognised ?
What is a choice of a onerous ?
What is the important general principle of Burma ?
What is the adoption of laws in the European Union ?
What is the doctrine of legitimate expectation ?
What is the European Court of Justice bound from ?
What is the European Court of Justice incompatible with ?
How many treaties establishing the European Union ?
What is the establishment of human rights ?
In what year was the European Convention on Human Rights established ?
The European Convention on Human Rights is what ?
In what year was the European Charter set ?
In what year was the Lisbon Treaty established ?
The Lisbon Treaty is set out of what organization ?
What is the Charter ?
What is the former court called ?
The Social Chapter is a chapter of what treaty ?
In what year was the Social Chapter established ?
When was the Social Chapter developed ?
How many general principles does the Social Charter have ?
How many pieces of legislation did the Social Charter become ?
How many states was the Social Charter adopted in 1989 ?
Who refused to sign the Social Charter ?
What was the Social Charter included as ?
In what year was the " Social Chapter " included ?
What happened to the Agreement on Social Policy ?
In what year was the Agreement on Social Policy signed ?
What was the Agreement on Social Policy called ?
In what year was the Agreement on Social Policy established ?
What did the 1994 Works Council Directive provide ?
What countries does the EU have its origins ?
In what year was the EU agreement signed ?
What was the name of the agreement that banned Article 65 ?
How many provisions of cartels were banned ?
In what year was the EC Treaty created ?
What is the Treaty of Lisbon ?
What does Article 102 require ?
What provide member to deliver public services ?
What is the European Council called ?
When was the " social market economy " introduced ?
When was the " social market economy " introduced ?
What is the North American Free Trade Association meant to do ?
What does the Treaties limit ?
What is Free movement achieved by ?
What was the name of the group that discriminated Mr Dassonville ?
What can the states be responsible for ?
What country was continually sabotaging shipments of Spanish strawberries ?
What was the minimum alcohol content for German law ?
Where did Rewe - Zentrale import from ?
In what year was Italian Commission v Italy case ?
What was the Italian chocolate made from ?
What was the aim of the law ?
Who reviewed the Court of Justice ?
What did the national courts want to protect ?
When did the Treaties sought to pursue their life goals ?
What was focused upon free movement of workers ?
What was Free movement based on ?
What was the Court of Justice entitled to do ?
What is the Free Movement of Workers Regulation ?
What is the court approved for ?
What has been seen as a " fundamental " status of member nationals ?
What is a fundamental status of social nationals ?
The Court has required what ?
What protects the " freedom of establishment in article " ?
What is the name of the says that states are exempt from infringing others ?
What was the goal of the Commission ?
In what year was the Union of Justice contested ?
What is the " freedom to provide services " ?
What type of drugs were controlled in all states ?
What was the Dutch health authorities known as ?
What is another name for the Court of Justice ?
How much money was required to start a company ?
How many Danish krone did Denmark have ?
What was the purpose of the Court of Justice ?
What is the Amazon Jungle known as ?
How many square kilometres is the rainforest ?
How many nations does the region have ?
How many nations does Amazonas have ?
How much of the planet does the Amazon have ?
What is another name for Dutch ?
What is another name for the rainforest ?
Where is the majority of the forest contained ?
How much of the planet does the Amazon have ?
How many species of trees are in the Amazon ?
What type of rainforest is the Amazon ?
How large is the basin ?
How many nations does the region have ?
Where is the majority of the forest contained ?
How many species of trees are in the Amazon ?
What type of climate does the dinosaurs have ?
What has allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics ?
During what period did the rainforest spanned begin ?
When did the inland formation occur ?
What happens to the rainforest ?
What caused the wetter climate to spread out ?
What is the rainforest extended in 66–34 Mya ?
What has allowed savanna regions to expand into the tropics ?
During what period did the rainforest spanned begin ?
What happened during the Middle Miocene ?
What was the extinction of the wetter climate event ?
What is the name of the rainforest extended in Mya ?
During what period did the inland formation begin ?
What was the inland formation of the Middle Miocene ?
How many savanna fluctuations are allowed to expand into the tropics ?
When was the drainage basin of the Amazon Arch split ?
Where did glaciers occur ?
What is the Andes Mountains known as ?
How long did it take for water broke ?
What is the flow of the Purus Arch ?
When was the drainage basin of the Amazon Arch split ?
What region is the Purus Arch located near ?
Where did the west water fall through ?
Where was the large basin created ?
What is the Andes Mountains known as ?
When was the drainage basin of the Amazon Arch split ?
Who split the drainage basin ?
What region near the eastern side of the west is located ?
Where did the west water fall through ?
What is the Andes Mountains known as ?
What is the range of Amazon rainforest vegetation ?
What is the lower rainfall in the basin ?
What do some scientists argue about the rainforest ?
Why has the debate done ?
What type of explanations are supported by available data ?
How many years after the Last Glacial Maximum is vegetation ?
What is the rainfall in the basin ?
What is the Analyses of Amazon basin ?
What was the rainfall associated with ?
What type of water is produced from Amazon basin ?
What type of vegetation cover the basin ?
What is the debate difficult to resolve ?
What is the NASA 's satellite called ?
How many tons of dust are in the Sahara ?
How many miles is the CALIPSO satellite ?
What is the basin of NASA 's CALIPSO satellite ?
How many tons of dust are in the air satellite ?
What is the CALIPSO measured by NASA 's CALIPSO ?
How many tons of dust are in the Sahara satellite ?
How many tons of dust does NASA have ?
How many tons of dust are in the air satellite ?
How many tons of dust are windblown ?
What is the NASA 's satellite called ?
What is the CALIPSO satellite called ?
How many tons of dust are in the Sahara satellite ?
How many miles is the CALIPSO satellite ?
How many tons of dust does NASA have ?
What book did Betty Meggers write for ?
What is the population density of hunting ?
What needed to host a larger population ?
What suggested that the region was densely populated ?
How many people live in the Amazon region ?
What was the large population of agriculture ?
Who was a prominent proponent of this idea ?
What is the population density of hunting ?
What book did Betty Meggers write for ?
Who was a prominent proponent of this idea ?
What book did Betty Meggers write for ?
What is the population density density ?
How many people live in the Amazon region ?
What was the population of 1900 in 1900 ?
What was the first European to travel the Amazon River ?
Where was the Amazon 's civilization located ?
What was the civilization devastated by ?
In what decade was geoglyphs discovered ?
When were the geoglyphs discovered ?
What was the first European to travel the Amazon River ?
When was the first European to travel the Amazon River ?
When were the geoglyphs discovered ?
Who is accredited the geoglyphs in 1977 ?
How long has the Amazon rainforest been shaped ?
What does Terra preta mean ?
Where is Terra preta distributed ?
What is the development of fertile soil ?
In what tribe is Michael Heckenberger located ?
Who were the large settlements in 2003 ?
What does Terra preta mean ?
What is the development of fertile soil ?
In what tribe is Michael Heckenberger located ?
Who found the Amazon tribe in 2003 ?
What are some of the evidence of poultry ?
How many insect species is the region home to ?
How many bird species are in the world ?
How many plant species have been classified ?
How many fishes are in the region ?
How many invertebrate species have been found in Brazil ?
How many insect species is the region home to ?
How many birds are home to the region ?
How many plants are in the region ?
How many reptiles have been scientifically in the region ?
How many birds live in the Amazon ?
How many acres of Ecuadorian rainforest does the plant have ?
How many tree species does the rainforest have ?
How many tonnes of living plants are there in 1999 ?
What is the average plant biomass in Atlantic City ?
How many species of plants have been registered in the region ?
What is the biodiversity of plant species ?
How many tree species does the rainforest have ?
What is the average plant biomass per hectare ?
How many species of plants have been registered in the region ?
What can produce an electric shock ?
What is another name for bite ?
What do some species of poison dart secrete do ?
What type of bats dwell in the rainforest ?
What is the conversion of forested areas ?
What decade was access to the forest ?
What type of method was used in the 1960s ?
Why were the colonists unable to manage their fields ?
What happens to the outer space ?
What is the total area of forest lost in the Amazon ?
How many square kilometres did the Amazon have ?
What did the lost forest becoming ?
What is Brazil 's global producer ?
What percentage of land since 1970 is used for livestock ?
What type of farmers have been used in the Amazon ?
Why did the first two highways open ?
What is the mean deforestation rate in NYC ?
What was the deforestation rate of deforestation in 2000 ?
What has deforestation done in the Brazilian Amazon ?
What is the loss of Environmentalists ?
What is the reason for loss of biodiversity ?
What is the release of the vegetation called ?
What percentage of the Amazonian primary productivity does Amazonian evergreen forests have ?
What is the metric of tonnes of carbon ?
Why did greenhouse emissions become unsustainable ?
What emissions caused the Amazon to be unsustainable ?
How long could the rainforest be threatened ?
Why could the rainforest be threatened ?
What territories continue to be destroyed by deforestation ?
What type of conservation efforts is the relationship between non - human primates ?
What continue to be destroyed ?
What continue to fight for their cultural survival ?
What country has the relationship between non - human primates ?
What is used for the conservation of the Amazon ?
What Tribe is Google a part of ?
Where is the Trio Tribe located ?
What is the Trio Tribe ?
What is the use of remote sensing ?
What is the classification of Amazon 's biomass ?
What is the classification of tree growth ?
What is the name of the trees in 2006 ?
In what year did Tatiana Kuplich organized the trees ?
What type of Synthetic radar is used ?
In what year was the worst drought in the Amazon ?
What is the name of the newspaper that results the forest ?
What is the effects of the rainforest ?
What is the forest turned into ?
In what year did the Amazon become a severe drought ?
How many square miles of rainforest are there ?
How many epicenters did the drought have ?
In what year did the drought occur ?
How much carbon dioxide does Amazon produce ?
What is another name for Ctenophora ?
What is the largest animals of cilia ?
What do these groups rely on ?
How many species of species are there ?
What is the most distinctive feature ?
What is another name for Ctenophora ?
How many species of species are there ?
What do these groups rely on ?
What does Ctenophora mean ?
What is another name for Ctenophora ?
How many species have been validated ?
What is another name for colloblasts ?
How much weight can a ctenophores eat ?
What type of annelids does the phylum have ?
What is another name for teeth ?
How much weight can a ctenophores eat ?
What is another name for colloblasts ?
What is another name for teeth ?
sticky cells are covered with what ?
How many species have been validated ?
What type of animal do most species contain ?
What do some hermaphrodites do ?
What type of hermaphrodites can produce eggs ?
What type of eggs are fertilized their parents ?
What enables small populations to grow at an explosive rate ?
What type of animal do most species contain ?
What do some hermaphrodites do ?
What are the sequential hermaphrodites ?
What type of eggs are fertilized their parents ?
What is an example of a young plankton ?
What is the Beroe preys on ?
What is the name of the ctenophore ?
Why was Mnemiopsis blamed for fish stocks ?
What type of birds occur in very high numbers ?
What type of birds occur in very high numbers ?
What is the name of the ctenophore ?
What is Mnemiopsis blamed for ?
What helped mitigate the problem ?
How long did the Cretaceous period last ?
What is another name for the cydippids ?
How old was the early Cambrian ?
What type of animal was fossils in the early Cambrian ?
How old was the early Cambrian ?
During what event did the modern modern groups begin ?
What is the " cydippids " ?
What type of animal was fossils in the early Cambrian ?
What is another name for jellyfish ?
Ctenophores are distinguished from what animals ?
What is another name for less animals ?
What is the animal phylum called ?
Ctenophores are distinguished from what animals ?
Ctenophores are distinguished from what animals ?
Ctenophores are distinguished from what animals ?
What is another name for less animals ?
What is another name for jelly ?
ctenophores and cnidarians are traditionally labelled what ?
Where is the mesoglea located ?
What type of annelids have diploblastic and cnidarians ?
What is the main method of locomotion ?
What is another name for cilia ?
What is another name for cilia ?
What does ' ctenophora ' mean ?
What is the name of the cydippid ?
What type of species is fragile ?
What do glaciers need to be tough enough ?
What are some of the three coastal genera ?
What is the gastrodermis ?
What is another name for photocytes ?
What is another name for " throat " ?
What is the inner surface of the cavity called ?
What is the most active parts of the animal ?
What is the outer comb rows called ?
What is another name for combs ?
What is a extra compact filament ?
What is ctenophores usually swim in ?
What is the " combs " ?
What do some species of species do to water of different densities ?
Where will the ciliary pump be pump ?
What is the purpose of the ciliary rosettes ?
What is the rosettes ?
What is the largest single sensory feature ?
Where is the aboral organ located ?
What is the statocyst protected by ?
What is a balance sensor called ?
What is a statocyst ?
What is another name for the coastal sea ?
What does the body consist of ?
How many rounded bodies are there ?
How is slender tentacles housed ?
Where is the egg located ?
What is another name for the tentacles ?
What is a cell type ?
How many types of movement are used in capturing prey ?
How are three types of movement used ?
How many rows are in the mouth end ?
Where do combs run from ?
What is the eight rows of combs spaced ?
What type of groove runs with the balancer ?
The Lobata have a pair of what ?
How many auricles does lobates have ?
What is the purpose of water currents ?
What is the purpose of lobates to feed ?
How do Jehovah Witnesses escape from danger ?
What is the jet of expelled ?
What is another term for lobates ?
What is the purpose of cydippids ?
What is the Beroida known as ?
What is another name for Nuda ?
What is pursuing prey ?
What is another name for the saclike body ?
What is the " belt animals " ?
What does the Cestida mean ?
How can Cestids swim swim ?
How much long is the largest ctenophores ?
What is the " darting motion " called ?
What type of tentacles do most Platyctenida have ?
What does the pharynx do ?
What type of rows do most species lack ?
What is the cryptically colored for ?
How are the gonads released ?
What does Fertilization use in common species ?
What species has been seen in species ?
Where is the gonads located ?
What type of species is Fertilization ?
What are the adults in the genus ?
What do some larvae live ?
What is a radical metamorphosis ?
What do juveniles behave more ?
What is the juveniles ?
What type of secretions are disturbed ?
What is another name for some species ?
What is the secretions secretions called ?
What will luminesce more brightly than adults ?
What type of predators are no vegetarians ?
What type of animal do Members prey on ?
What do the genus of jellyfish do ?
What are the weaker weaker swimmers ?
What is the name of the two - tentacled " cydippid " ?
Why was dead ends in marine food ?
What is the name of the salmon investigation ?
Where do Beroids prey migrate ?
Where do herbivorous fishes migrate ?
What type of quantities do jellyfish eat ?
What happened to the Black Sea and Sea of Azov ?
When was the Western Atlantic ctenophore introduced ?
Why were Mnemiopsis populations brought into control ?
What happened to the cooling of the climate ?
What type of bodies have fossils been found ?
What does the Ediacaran Eoandromeda represent ?
When did the Canadian period occur ?
How many putative species were found in the Burgess Shale ?
What type of animal was the most successful ?
How long ago was the early Cambrian sessile ?
What is the early Cambrian ?
Who was the evolutionary " aunt " ?
How many years did the early Cambrian period last ?
When was the early Cambrian sessile ?
What is another name for Cnidaria ?
What is the earliest - diverging animal phylum ?
What is another name for cydippid ?
What is the cydippids ?
How long ago did the Cretaceous period last ?
Who invented the cydippids ?
What is the county seat of California City ?
How far is the Sacramento area ?
What is another name for Fresno ?
What is featured on the city 's flag ?
What is another name for Fresno ?
In what year was the Central Pacific Railroad established ?
What were many Millerton residents drawn by ?
In what year did Fresno become incorporated ?
How many streetcars were built in 1931 ?
Where was the town of Fresno Station located ?
What was the Asian population in 1940 ?
What was the name of the Japanese neighborhood in Mexico City ?
What is the site of the Pinedale Assembly Center ?
What is the Pinedale Assembly Center ?
What was the Fresno Fairgrounds utilized as ?
What product did Bank of America launch in 1958 ?
Who was the first successful credit card ?
What was the financial instrument of BankAmericard ?
In what year was BankAmericard renamed ?
What was the name of the company that produced BankAmericard ?
In what town did the movie " Aken " originate ?
What is the name of the first TV appearance guitar ?
Who was the Mexican movie ?
How many public parks does Fresno have ?
Where is the Fresno Chaffee Zoo located ?
What is the largest Fresno system ?
What is another name for Woodward Park ?
What is the largest Fresno system ?
When was the San Joaquin Valley flourished ?
What is the Grand 1401 ?
What is the Grand 1401 ?
What is the name of the burned burned down ?
In what year was Fulton Street converted into one of Fulton Fresno ?
Where is the densest collection of historic buildings located ?
What is the name of the only public art pieces in the world ?
What is the purpose of the public art pieces ?
What is the purpose of the public art pieces ?
Where is the neighborhood of Sunnyside located ?
What are the major thoroughfares in Cork ?
When was Largely developed ?
What is the City of Fresno called ?
Who designed the Sunnyside Country Club ?
Where is the Tower District located ?
In what year was the theater built ?
What is the theater refers to ?
What is the name of the Tower District ?
How far is the Tower District ?
When did the Tower Theatre begin ?
When did the Tower Theatre begin ?
Where is Roger Rocka Players located ?
What is the name of the Dinner Theater & Good Company Players ?
Where did Audra McDonald perform ?
How many theater restaurants are in Mexico City ?
How large is the neighborhood of the restaurants ?
What is the attractive area for restaurant ?
What is the center of Fresno 's LGBT and hipster Communities ?
What is the center of Fresno 's local punk community ?
How long is the area of St. Barts ?
What type of houses are used by Fresno architects ?
What is the residential architecture of the Tower District ?
When was the area restored ?
What is the section of the stately homes ?
Who mapped the Alta Vista Tract ?
In what year did Billings & Meyering become a tract ?
How many homes did the tract have ?
Who was the right of the streetcar ?
What is the " West Side " of Fresno known as ?
Where is the neighborhood located ?
What is the center of Fresno ?
What is another name for Mexican and Asian - American ?
What is the oldest neighborhoods in the city ?
Who named Kearney Boulevard ?
What type of trees is Kearney Boulevard lined with ?
Where is the half neighborhood of Kearney Boulevard located ?
What is the name of the Fresno City Council ?
What was the isolated subdivision called ?
When was the public housing developments built ?
Where is the modern shopping center located ?
What is the name of the new section 8 apartments ?
Where is the Fresno Chandler Executive Airport located ?
How many retail activity does the neighborhood have ?
Who founded Woodward Park ?
How many acres is the park ?
How many people live in the park ?
How many miles is the Lewis S. Eaton trail system ?
When is the park open ?
In what year was Formed first used ?
What is the name of Sierra Sky Park 's aviation community ?
What is the first aviation community to be built ?
What is Sierra Sky Park Airport known for ?
What is the first aviation community ?
What type of summers is Fresno ?
Which month is the warmest month ?
What is the average precipitation in Guinea - Bissau ?
Where is most of the wind rose ?
What months is the increased presence of southeastern wind directions ?
What is the official record for Fresno ?
When was the official record for Fresno set ?
When was Tucson 's rain year ?
What is the heaviest snowfall in Hyderabad ?
What is the most rainfall in November of 1885 ?
What was the population of Fresno in 2010 ?
What percentage of the racial makeup of Fresno was 245,306 ?
What is the racial makeup of Fresno ?
What percentage of the population was Non - Hispanic Whites in 2010 ?
What is the population density per square mile ?
How many households had children under the island ?
What percentage of the population was 30,547 ?
What is the sex married of couples ?
What was the average family size in Mexico City ?
What is the average household size ?
How many people lived in the census of 2000 ?
How many housing units are there in Atlantic City ?
What percentage of the population is Black ?
How much of the city 's Asian population is Asian ?
What is the population density per square mile ?
What is the Federal Communications Commission ?
What was the name of the first Fresno television station ?
When did KMJ - TV debut ?
What is the NBC affiliate called ?
What is the name of the CBS affiliate ?
What is another name for Fresno ?
What is the State Route 168 ?
What is another name for the State of State ?
Where is State Route Freeway located ?
What is the largest U.S. city ?
When was the Interstate Highway System created ?
What is the Interstate Highway System called ?
Who operates rail service ?
Where is the Santa Fe Railroad Depot located ?
Where is the Bakersfield - Stockton mainlines located ?
What city is California High Speed Rail ?
Where did the Black Death originate ?
What is the Black Death ?
What percentage of Europe 's population is the Black Death ?
When did the world 's world population end ?
When did the plague begin in Europe ?
What is the enzootic ?
Where did Nestorian graves originate ?
Where did the great waves of the plague originate ?
When did the famine begin ?
How many Chinese Asians died in Constantinople ?
What traders first used Europe to Europe ?
Who led the Mongol army ?
What happened to the Mongol army ?
Where did the Genoese traders settle into ?
What contributed to the severity of the Black Death ?
Where did the disease of Italy occur ?
What country borders the 1351 ?
What happened to the plague ?
What two countries did the disease of Italy spread to ?
In what year was the ship introduced in Norway ?
What did the plague cause ?
In what year did the plague reach Alexandria ?
What was the plague of Alexandria in Egypt ?
Where did the city 's residents flee to ?
What was the name of the book atra mors ?
What was the Latin name for the epidemic ?
Who first recorded the book atra mors ?
When was the Black Death ?
From what continent did the name of the Marshall Islands originate ?
What was the name of the king ?
Who blamed the heavens in Paris ?
What did the heavens cause ?
What is the theory called ?
What is the plague theory called ?
What was the name of the pathogen that visited the 19th century ?
Who was the French - Swiss bacteriologist ?
How was the mechanism established ?
What was the bubonic plague dependent on ?
Who wrote about the ' Great Pestilence ' ?
What did Francis Aidan call the Great Pestilence ?
In what year was the bubonic plague ?
What animal did the bubonic cause ?
What plague was prevalent in the Eastern Roman Empire ?
What is the mortality rate of the bubonic plague ?
What is the mortality rate of bubonic ?
What percentage of the bubonic plague die within eight days ?
What is the mortality rate of Pneumonic plague ?
What is another name for asthma ?
When was the open - access journal PLoS published ?
What was the new investigation called ?
What is the presence of DNA / RNA ?
What is another name for Y. pestis ?
What is the purpose of Y. pestis ?
What is the name of the modern Y. ?
What happens to the plague of the plague ?
In what year did the first variant of Marseille begin ?
When did the first variant of plague occur ?
How have the Haensch study been done ?
Where was the Black Death ?
What was the variant of Y. pestis ?
In what month and year was the genome published ?
Who challenged the plague theory ?
What did the plague theory cause ?
What happened to the bubonic theory ?
What did Graham Twigg produce ?
Who was the author of the Black Death ?
What is the identification of symptoms ?
What type of statistics are there ?
What is the population of the Domesday Book ?
What are these plague usually extrapolated from ?
What is the no population of the world ?
What happened to the rat population ?
What type of significance was transference ?
What is the lack of temperatures in the Black Death ?
What was the spread of the Black Death ?
How many years was the Black Death ?
What was the cause of the ?
What was the cause of Norman Cantor ?
What are some of the bubonic plague ?
How many bodies did the Public Health England have ?
What is the death rate for the Middle East ?
What is the population of Paris 's population ?
How many burials are there in Central London ?
What percentage of the population was uncommon in crowded cities ?
What type of areas were less vulnerable to contagion ?
When did the plague begin ?
When did the plague begin ?
How many people died in France in the epidemic ?
What did historians do in England ?
When was the Black Death ?
What was the outbreak in 1471 ?
In what year did the Great Plague occur ?
How many people died in Paris ?
Where did the Black Death occur ?
How many times did Plague last ?
What is another name for 1629–1631 ?
In what year did Oslo invade Oslo ?
How many victims were in Italy in the 17th century ?
How many people died in Naples in 1656 ?
What was the population of Seville in 1649 ?
What countries were killed in the Great Northern War ?
In what year did Europe 's last epidemic occur ?
In what two years was the Islamic world present ?
How many people died in Algiers ?
When did the Plague of the Great Ages begin ?
How many people have been wiped out ?
What is a rock crystallizes ?
What type of rock is sedimentary ?
What is an example of a igneous rock ?
What are the three major rock types of rock ?
What is the metamorphic rock ?
What is another name for the Earth 's lithosphere ?
What is another name for upper mantle ?
In what decade was the Earth 's lithosphere most important ?
What were hydrothermal vents explained as ?
What were volcanoes explained as ?
What is the San Andreas fault ?
The theory of continental drift is also known as what ?
The lithosphere moves over what mantle ?
What type of waves can be used to image the Earth ?
What was the layered model of the Earth called ?
What below the layered model of the Earth ?
What is another name for the Earth ?
What is the second scale ?
What is the very short period of epochs ?
The latest epoch is called what ?
What type of period is the Q ?
What is the principle of faults ?
What is an example of a key bed ?
What type of rocks are Faults ?
What is older than the rock ?
What is another name for foreign bodies ?
What is another name for inclusions ?
What is the common formation of sedimentary rocks ?
What is based on the appearance of fossils ?
Who created the theory of evolution ?
Who wrote the theory of evolution ?
When was geological science facilitated ?
What type of correlation did geologists use to date rock relative ?
What was the old relative of the relative relative to fossil ?
How many rock relative relative does geologists have ?
What did the absolute dates be applied to ?
What type of techniques can be used to determine temperature ?
What type of temperature is used in minerals ?
What type of ratios are measured in minerals ?
What can provide absolute age for sedimentary rock units ?
Where can brittle deformation occur ?
What are the tops of the rock units called ?
What is another name for pinch ?
What is another name for Rocks ?
What is the main focus of the summer ?
What is the planar igneous intrusions called ?
How is large numbers form in large areas ?
What is the creation of Faulting ?
What maintains the topographic gradient ?
What type of events are associated with volcanism and igneous activity ?
What is the Hawaiian Islands ?
What is the oldest known rock rocks ?
What type of rocks are found in the Grand Canyon ?
How long has the Grand Canyon been in place ?
Where is the Slave craton located ?
What are two examples of structural geology ?
What study did geologists study ?
What is an example of a primary methods ?
What types of properties are used in plane - polarized light ?
What is the insight of Stable and radioactive studies ?
Where do petrologists identify rock samples ?
What type of microscope is thin sections of ?
What can be used to use high temperature ?
What type of experiments can understand the temperatures ?
What type of processes can be used to understand ?
What geologists use microscopic analysis ?
What type of analysis is used to observe the fabric ?
What type of experiments do rock deformation perform ?
What type of geology is mountains ?
What type of geology is mountains ?
What is the critically orogenic wedge ?
What type of models were used in the same way ?
What analyze samples of stratigraphic sections ?
What type of surveys does Stratigraphers analyze ?
What can be combined to produce a better view ?
What do stratigraphers use to do ?
What type of extraction is used to reconstruct data ?
What analyze rock samples from the fossils ?
What precisely rocks within the stratigraphic section ?
What is the purpose of date rocks ?
What look for magnetic reversals in the drill cores ?
How long is the origin of geology ?
What was the name of the earliest Persian geologists ?
What was the name of the Persian Persian scholar ?
What was Shen Kuo known for ?
Who is the first modern geologist ?
What was the name given to the Royal Society of Edinburgh ?
In what year was Hutton published ?
What was the theory of the Earth ?
Who produced the first map of the U.S. ?
When was the first geological map of the United Kingdom produced ?
In what year was the self - imposed task commenced ?
What book was the memoir labours submitted to ?
What was the name of the memoir submitted by the American Philosophical Society ?
What was the name of Lyell 's book ?
What doctrine was created by Charles Darwin ?
What doctrine was created by Charles Darwin ?
What theory is the theory of Earth ?
Who promoted the doctrine of uniformitarianism ?
What was the word pharmacy derived from ?
What is the pharma ?
What did the original Greek roots imply to ?
What is the term for English apothecary ?
What is the pharmas used for ?
What type of education is Pharmacists ?
What do these healthcare professionals perform ?
What is a important role in the human body ?
What type of business is Pharmacists ?
What type of education is used to ensure optimal health outcomes ?
Who runs a Pharmacy Technician in the UK ?
What is another name for a pharmacy ?
What is the GPhC ?
What is a Pharmacy Technician in the UK considered ?
What is the role of a PhT ?
What was the name of the Ancient Greece ?
What was Pedanius Dioscorides famous for ?
What is the Latin translation of medical substances ?
What was the name of the title ?
Who built the De Materia Medica ?
Where was the place of pharmacists defined ?
Where was Ranked positions located ?
What were the pharmacists assigned to ?
What happened to the pharmacist ?
What led to medieval Islam ?
Who acted to promote chemical compounds ?
What was the name of the pioneered medicines ?
What was the distinction of He ?
Who is the contributions contributions to the field ?
Where is the Franciscan monastery located ?
Where is the Church of Santa Maria Novella located ?
What is the Esteve Pharmacy ?
What is the Esteve Pharmacy ?
What is the Church of Santa Maria Novella ?
What is the dispensary subject to ?
What was the name of the dispensary that pharmacists pharmacists ?
What type of automation is used to assist patients ?
What is required for drug technicians ?
What does the dispensary provide for ?
What is the main focus of pharmacy school ?
What do these pharmacists specialize in ?
What is an example of a complexity of medications ?
What are these pharmacists often referred to as ?
Where can Hospital pharmacies be found ?
What are most hospital medications ?
What have some hospital pharmacies decided to outsource ?
What is a cost of hospital services ?
What is Hospital pharmacies ?
What does Pharmacists provide ?
What happened to the clinical movement ?
Who collaborate to improve pharmaceutical care ?
What is the purpose of a NPO ?
What is one type of care that can be found ?
What does the clinical pharmacist role ?
What is the review process ?
What is the appropriateness of the drug therapy called ?
What does the pharmacist monitor for ?
What is the federal health care system given to ?
What two states are given collaborative prescriptive and diagnostic authority ?
In what year was ambulatory care approved as a separate board certification ?
What is the official care pharmacy exam called ?
What is the federal health care system ?
What does Consultant pharmacy practice focus on ?
Where do these pharmacists work ?
What are some large pharmacy management companies ?
What happens to the trend of diarrhea ?
What do many community community pharmacies offer ?
Since what year has Internet pharmacies been established worldwide ?
What are some of the consumers operated by ?
What is another name for Internet pharmacies ?
What do some customers consider to be ?
What is the primary difference ?
Why do some customers order drugs ?
What is the practice of practice ?
What has been done about the digimon ?
What is a valid prescription prescription ?
What does most Internet pharmacies do ?
What is a prescription for a controlled substance ?
What is Internet pharmacies ?
What is a prescription for a controlled substance ?
What is another term for legitimate doctor ?
What is the prescription responsibility to ensure ?
What is another name for Internet pharmacies ?
Why is there a push to legalize medications ?
What country has legalize importation of medications ?
Where is enforcement generally targeted ?
How many case buying Canadian drugs are there ?
What has there been a push to ?
What is the Pharmacy informatics ?
What is the purpose of the Pharmacy informaticists work ?
What is pharmacy informatics growing to ?
What are Pharmacists trained to participate ?
How is pharmacy informatics growing ?
What is the name of the drugs that provide lab monitoring ?
What is the fastest growing sector in 2013 ?
What are the inhaled medications used for ?
What happens to specialty pharmacies ?
What does specialty pharmacies provide ?
How are pharmacists regulated ?
What do these jurisdictions specify ?
What is the name of the Code of Ethics ?
How many physicians dispense drugs ?
What is the purpose of an NPO ?
What are the dispensing physicians allowed to both ?
Where is the nearest law located ?
What is the reason for the majority rule ?
What is the purpose of diagnosing ?
What is the system ?
What is the purpose of the physician ?
What is the purpose of the physician ?
What is the purpose of the Endangered Species Act ?
What is the purpose of an NPO ?
What is the Medication Therapy Management ?
What type of services does this have ?
What is the result of the health system ?
What two countries have prescribing rights ?
What government receive remuneration ?
What is the government paid for ?
What has an evolving influence on the practice of pharmacy ?
What is the name of the Doctor ?
What is another name for the two symbols ?
What was used until the early 20th century ?
Where is the Bowl of Hygieia used ?
Where is the red stylized letter located ?
Where is the green Greek cross located ?
What is one of the many ways to be unfair laws ?
When did the Singing Revolution happen ?
In what event did the American Civil Rights Movement take place ?
In what country did the Orange Revolution occur ?
In what state was the Rose Revolution ?
What country has Gandhi 's campaigns ?
What did the Velvet Revolution oust ?
What did the Civil disobedience do ?
Why did the Civil disobedience take place ?
In what movement did the Singing Revolution occur ?
What is another name for Sophocles ?
What is the name of the King Antigone ?
Who is the current King of Thebes ?
What is the name of the King of Thebes ?
What is the King of Thebes trying to stop ?
What is another name for Sophocles ?
Where is the oldest depictions of civil disobedience located ?
Who is the current King of Thebes ?
What is the King of Thebes trying to stop ?
How does Madonna describe her speech ?
Who wrote The Mask of Anarchy ?
What type of protest is the most popular ?
In what year was the version of Satyagraha taken ?
What was Gandhi 's philosophy ?
What is the Masque of Anarchy ?
Who wrote The Mask of Anarchy ?
The Mask of Anarchy was known as what ?
What type of protest is the first known ?
In what year was the version of Satyagraha taken ?
What was Gandhi 's philosophy ?
What is the code describing ?
What is the term for civil disobedience ?
What is the term for civil disobedience ?
Who is used to describe a federal official ?
What is the term for civil disobedience ?
Who has become a code - word describing ?
What is the term for civil disobedience ?
Who is used to describe a federal official ?
Who believes that a single all definition of the term is difficult difficult ?
What is the formulation of a single definition ?
What distinction does Popper give a distinction between ?
What was the maze of civil disobedience called ?
Who believes that a single all definition of the term is difficult difficult ?
What type of literature is the student of civil disobedience ?
What is the maze of civil disobedience ?
What type of civil disobedience did Eisenhower support ?
What type of civil disobedience did Eisenhower support ?
What is another term for Civil disobedience ?
What type of citizen was the public official official ?
How is Civil disobedience defined ?
What is a constitutional impasse ?
What is usually defined as pertaining to the state ?
How is Civil disobedience defined ?
What is another term for Civil disobedience ?
What type of official official did the head of government have ?
What type of citizen was the public official official ?
What type of official official did the head of government have ?
Who pitching the definition of conscience ?
What happened to Thoreau 's death ?
Is the majority of the most important ?
What was Thoreau 's nickname ?
Who can act unjustly ?
What is the final judge ?
Who can act unjustly ?
Who insisted that he was making a choice ?
What was Thoreau 's nickname ?
What is the majority of the most majority ?
What is another term for civil disobedience ?
What type of decisions did Brownlee believe disobedience ?
What types of governments does the principle of law occur against ?
What is the disobedience of disobedience ?
What is the theories of civil disobedience ?
Who argues that disobedience in opposition of non - governmental agencies ?
What is the purpose of private universities ?
What type of universities can be justified ?
What is the order for lawbreaking ?
What is the form of public civil disobedience ?
What was Hitler 's secret police called ?
In what book did civil disobedience occur ?
Who refused a direct order of Pharaoh ?
What is the order for lawbreaking ?
What did Stephen Eilmann believe it is necessary to disobey ?
What is the form of public civil disobedience ?
What did the German Primer for the dilemma notes mean ?
In what book did civil disobedience occur ?
What is the Christian Bay 's encyclopedia ?
What includes non - violence in its definition of civil disobedience ?
What is much more destructive ?
What type of civil disobedience is there ?
What type of disobedience is debates ?
What is the Law Dictionary ?
What is much more destructive ?
What is the purpose of a civil disobedients ?
What is the Civil disobedients ?
What is more of an active attempt to overthrow a government ?
What group did the Austrian government belong to ?
Who was the leader of the Hungarians ?
Who was described as revolutionary civil disobedience ?
What did Thoreau call civil disobedience ?
What is another term for political disobedience ?
What is a disobedience of laws ?
What is a disobedience ?
What type of civil disobedience is the active attempt to overthrow a government ?
Who was described as revolutionary civil disobedience ?
When did the earliest incidents of collective disobedience occur ?
What prevent the installation of pagan images ?
What happened to Thoreau 's arrest ?
What happened to the tax ?
How long did the essay last ?
When did the earliest incidents of collective disobedience occur ?
How did Unarmed Jews arrive in the streets ?
What was the release of the activists called ?
What was the release of the activists called ?
How long did the essay last ?
Civil disobedients have chosen a variety of what ?
What is another term for nuclear - missile installation) ?
What is another name for Iraq ?
How long did Julia Butterfly Hill last ?
What did Julia Butterfly Hill do in Luna ?
Civil disobedients have chosen a variety of what ?
What is another term for civil disobedience ?
What is the remoteness of the connection called ?
What type of goal is the U.S. goal ?
Who lived in Luna ?
Why was Joseph Haas arrested ?
What was Joseph Haas 's nickname ?
What type of speech is civil disobedience ?
What is another name for the George Carlin comedy album ?
In what year was the Supreme Court case introduced ?
What is the criminalized behavior ?
What is the name of the track " Filthy " ?
Who is the classic way of expressing the government ?
What is the name of the track " Filthy " ?
What do these boycotts do ?
Who runs the Plowshares organization ?
What is the Plowshares organization ?
What is the purpose of civil disobedients ?
What type of forms are boycotts ?
What is the purpose of boycotts ?
What is the purpose of boycotts ?
What is the purpose of boycotts ?
What is another term for civil disobedience ?
What type of investigations can be found in civil disobedience ?
What would a suspect decide to decide ?
What did some civil disobedients resist to resist ?
What is the reason for civil disobedients ?
What do some civil disobedients seek to use ?
What do some civil disobedients accept ?
What do Jehovah Witnesses believe anarchists do ?
What type of people do not believe in the legitimacy of any government ?
What do Jehovah Witnesses see no need to accept punishment for ?
What is the important decision for civil disobedients ?
What is a civil disobedient 's duty ?
How did I respond to the laws ?
Why did Whitehead feel about the specific laws ?
What is the plea called ?
Where did the Committee for Non - Violent Action take place ?
What happened to the Committee for Non - Violent Action ?
What happened to the Peace ?
What did Francis Heisler call plead ?
What type of sentences were given to arrested ?
What did Howard Zinn say about protesters ?
What did Howard Zinn say about protesters ?
What is the key point ?
What happens to the rules ?
What does the prosecution give to civil disobedients ?
What did the Camden defendants do ?
What type of tactics do activists decide to use ?
What do some activists opted to enter ?
What was the name of the person that pleaded the court ?
What did some civil disobedience choose to make ?
What did some civil disobedience do ?
What was the purpose of the First Circuit ?
What was the goal of the First Circuit ?
What happened to the protesters ?
What will Steven Barkan decide to do ?
What did Steven Barkan say about the primary goal ?
What did Steven Barkan say about defendants ?
During what period was the Chicago Eight used ?
What is the jury that seek to jury ?
Who must be punished ?
Who must be punished ?
What is the law argued about ?
What did Michael Bayles say act act ?
What did Michael Bayles say act act ?
What is the object of a law called ?
What is another term for protest ?
In what war did the courts decide to excuse illegal protests ?
What defense has been used as a shadow defense ?
What is the purpose of a digimon ?
What is a major goal of criminal punishment ?
What was the most important consideration for punishment ?
Who is a matter for the state ?
What was the most important consideration for punishment ?
What is the process of constructing a building or infrastructure ?
What type of manufacturing is copper ?
How much of the gross domestic product is there ?
What is the purpose of solar energy ?
What is the purpose of the construction of construction ?
What was the name of the architect that manages the job ?
What is the main purpose of the architect ?
What is essential for a project ?
What is the largest construction projects called ?
What must consider zoning requirements ?
What are the three sectors of construction ?
What is building construction divided into ?
What is the purpose of solar energy ?
What type of refineries is refineries ?
What is the Engineering News magazine ?
What is a trade magazine for the construction industry ?
In what year did ENR compiled the data in nine market segments ?
What was the Top 400 used for ?
What are the three subsectors of companies in Mexico City ?
What are some of the categories used for construction projects ?
What have a classification system for construction ?
What do these firms do ?
What is the process of adding structure to real property ?
What is the majority of building construction jobs ?
What is laborer , paymaster , and design team called ?
What are some of the projects that reach building projects ?
What is a positive outcome of the field ?
What is the purpose of technologies and resources ?
What is the purpose of construction materials ?
What is a lot of residential construction ?
What is a per square meter ?
What is the possible purpose of building construction ?
In what year was Janjaap built ?
What is the printing versions of 3D - printing technology ?
What is the translation of construction ?
What can a formal design team be assembled to do ?
What is the design team called ?
What is an example of a bill that is bill ?
What is the contract for the owner 's owner ?
What is the modern trend in design ?
What is the firm offer for a construction project ?
What are some of the project structures that assist the owner ?
Who are some of the owner structures ?
What is the emphasis of companies that are more emphasis ?
What type of problems can solar projects suffer from ?
How do these chickens respond to the project ?
What is required flow problems ?
What is a problem in many fields ?
Who are likely to be the overall plan for the building project ?
What is the most obvious source of funding for a building ?
Who apply expertise to a proper valuation ?
What happens to Cost overruns ?
What is the project must adhere to ?
What does a project benefit to ?
What is the purpose of legal requirements ?
What is an example of a legal requirements ?
What may seek changes in the law ?
What is a complex net of contracts ?
What is the exchange of obligations between two or more parties ?
What is the time element in construction ?
What is the contracts designed to ensure ?
What lead to confusion and collapse ?
What is a growing number of procurement ?
What is another name for Public - Private Partnering ?
Who acts as the project coordinator ?
What are the direct contractual links ?
What is a subcontractor relationship with ?
What is the purpose of the procedure ?
Who produces a list of requirements for the project ?
Who present different ideas about these goals ?
Who selects the ideas for the appropriate contractor ?
What is one type of business working in Cork ?
What is the phase of phase phase ?
What is typically required to verify utility marked ?
What is the lessens ?
What is the likelihood of outages ?
What type of permit is be issued ?
How much money is the industry in 2014 ?
How much is the Census Bureau 's revenue ?
What type of firms were used in 2005 ?
How many employees does the average contractor have ?
How many women were employed in the construction industry ?
What is the average earning professional in the construction industry ?
What is the average earning in the UK ?
What country has the construction of construction workers ?
What is the most dangerous occupations in the world ?
What is the most common causes of fatal injuries ?
What are the major causes of fatalities ?
What can curtail the risk of occupational injuries ?
What type of schools are Private schools ?
What is another name for Private Education ?
What is another term for education ?
What is one type of school that can do ?
How much is the tuition fees for tuition in New England ?
What type of schools are in K-12 ?
Along with Canada and Canada , what country is a notable part of universities ?
Where is public education located ?
What is the secondary level of schools in Mexico City ?
What is the secondary level of schools in Mexico City ?
What is an example of a university that is university ?
What is the purpose of a student ?
What is the name of the teachers that can pay higher salaries ?
What is another name for parochial schools ?
Along with Jews and Jews , what religious group is associated with Protestants ?
What do some schools teach to impress their beliefs ?
What do private schools do ?
What is the compulsory compulsory for Australian schools ?
What type of expensive schools are in Australia ?
What is another name for their students ?
What is the name of the type of school fall in this period ?
What is another name for St Aloysius ' College ?
What is another name for St Ursula ?
When is the right to create private schools in Germany ?
What is the unusual protection of private schools ?
What percentage of schools in Germany were in 1992 ?
What is the population of private schools in private high schools ?
What was the percentage of students in Germany in 1992 ?
What is another name for their parents ?
What is ordinary primary or secondary schools ?
What kind of fees do most Ersatzschulen have ?
What is secondary or post - secondary schools ?
Most schools in Cork are what type of schools ?
What is the purpose of a NPO ?
What type of groups do private schools have ?
What type of schools are in India ?
What is another name for multiple states ?
How many Examination or academic Boards are there ?
What type of government is the practice ?
What type of societies can run schools in India ?
Where is the Annual Status of Education Report located ?
What does ASER stand for ?
What is the Annual Status of Education Report ?
What is the medium of education in private schools ?
What is another name for private schools ?
What is private schools in Ireland ?
What is the average fee for a student ?
What is the average fee for the fees ?
When did Malaysia become independence ?
What did Chinese primary schools retain ?
What type of schools are Chinese secondary schools ?
What system did the government want to surrender ?
What type of schools did the government give to surrender ?
What type of schools are in the schools ?
What is the private ' un - aided schools ' ?
Where is the Galaxy Public School located ?
What is the medium of education ?
What is the state 's official language ?
How many private schools are in New Zealand ?
How many students are in New Zealand ?
How much of the student population is catering in New Zealand ?
What is the largest school system in private schools ?
What is the largest cities in New Zealand ?
What is another name for secondary schools ?
Where is Samuel Marsden Collegiate School located ?
What is another name for Saint Kentigern College ?
Where is Rangi Ruru Girls located ?
Who operates the Society of St Dominic X ?
What percentage of primary enrollment does the Philippines have ?
What percentage of secondary enrollment is in the Philippines ?
What percentage of tertiary enrollment is in the Philippines ?
When was the revised Manual of Private Schools established ?
What is the option for the school ?
What scheme does the government provide ?
What is the name of the school that is enrolled in priority courses ?
What is the name of the school that is available to pursue college ?
What law recognises two categories of schools ?
In what year was the South African Schools Act passed ?
What is the South African Schools Act of 1996 called ?
What is another name for independent schools ?
When were the oldest schools in South Africa established ?
What type of form was Model C ?
What does Model C do ?
What type of school fees do C schools set ?
How many Swedish pupils were enrolled in private schools in 2008 ?
How many pupils does the biggest school chain have ?
How many employees does the biggest school chain have ?
What is another name for Kunskapsskolan ?
What do students do in Sweden ?
How many years long is the Preparatory school ?
What type of schools are in the UK ?
How many children are in the Good Schools ?
What is the per cent of children in the Good Schools ?
How much money is Fees range ?
What was the name of the court in 1954 ?
What was shut down after the 1970s ?
In what area of the United States was the academies located ?
What type of school did public schools grow in ?
What type of school did public schools grow in ?
What is the Establishment Clause ?
Who is the Establishment Clause of the First Amendment ?
What type of status is the public funding ?
In what year did the beginnings of education occur ?
In what year did the beginnings of education occur ?
In what year was 406 v. Yoder decided ?
What is the highest Supreme Court case ?
In what year was Runyon v. McCrary decided ?
How much money does New York City receive for day schools ?
How much money did boarding schools receive in 2012 ?
Which school had substantial endowments running by fundraising drives ?
The Groton School had substantial endowments supplemented by what ?
What is the name of the United States 's first benefactor ?
In what year did the undergraduate college become coeducational ?
Who led the Great Depression ?
What group was Harvard founded in 1900 ?
Who was president of the American Civil War ?
What is the name of the Library ?
How many individual libraries does the Harvard Library have ?
How many volumes does the Harvard Library have ?
How many U.S. presidents does Harvard 's alumni have ?
How many Nobel laureates are in the date ?
In what borough is the University of Advanced Study located ?
How much money is the largest academic institution in Harvard ?
Where is Harvard Stadium located ?
How many academic units does BYU have ?
Where is the University of Boston located ?
In what year was Harvard formed ?
What vote was established in 1636 ?
In what year did the college become home for North America ?
In what year was Harvard College renamed ?
In what year was the Harvard Corporation granted ?
What type of ministers were in the early years ?
What was the name of the university model—​​many ?
What was affiliated with any particular denomination ?
In what year did the Enlightenment take place ?
Who was the presidency of Harvard ?
In what year was Henry Ware elected ?
What was the name of the natural history lectures in New York ?
Agassiz 's perspective is what ?
Who were the Common Sense Realism ?
Who was 1869–1909 's president ?
What type of convictions did Eliot have ?
What two groups were Derived from ?
Who was the president of Washington University ?
What was the purpose of the Conant ?
In what year was the Report published ?
How many people attended Harvard 's undergraduate population ?
In what year did the merger of Harvard and Radcliffe admissions occur ?
What was the proportion of female undergraduates in 1977 ?
How far is Harvard 's main campus ?
How many residential Houses are in residential district ?
In what river is Harvard Yard located ?
How far is the residential neighborhood ?
How high is Harvard Stadium ?
What is the name of the pedestrian bridge over the Charles W. ?
Where is the Harvard School of Public Health located ?
How much land is BYU 's university ?
What is the Allston campus ?
What is the institution of the school ?
How many professors does Harvard have ?
How many undergraduates does Harvard have ?
How many graduate students does Harvard have ?
In what year was the color color adopted ?
In what year did the association of red can be found ?
How much money was spent in 2011 ?
What was the percentage of loss in 2008 - 09 ?
What was scheduled to re - balance ?
How much money did Harvard University reserve for disbursement ?
How much was Harvard University 's financial aid in 2012 ?
In what decade did student activists build a symbolic speech ?
What was the name of the speech ?
How much did the university reduce its South African holdings ?
What percentage of applicants for the class of 2019 was Harvard ?
In what year did Harvard College begin working ?
What happened to Harvard College in 2007 ?
In what year was Harvard College reintroduced ?
How many General Education categories have been required to complete courses ?
What does the Carnegie Foundation award Harvard for ?
When does Harvard 's academic programs begin ?
How many - time rate does Undergraduates maintain ?
What is the top class of the University of Kansas ?
What was the percentage of Latin students in 2005 ?
What was the annual tuition year for the tuition ?
What was the cost of the 2012–13 school year ?
What is the incomes for their children in 2007 ?
How much money did Harvard offered to grants in 2009 ?
How many 88 % of Harvard aid for undergraduate students ?
Where is the Harvard University Library System located ?
How many volumes are in the Harvard University Library System ?
What are the most popular libraries for undergraduates ?
Where is America 's oldest collection of maps located ?
How many museums does the Harvard Art Museums contain ?
What is the Fogg Museum of Art ?
What is the Carpenter Center ?
In what year did the Academic Ranking of World Universities begin ?
In what year was the THE World Reputation Rankings published ?
What university is Harvard 's Game ?
How long does the rivalry last ?
In what year does Harvard 's athletic rivalry begin ?
In what year was Harvard Stadium introduced ?
In what year did Camp support revolutionary rules ?
What sport is Walter Camp a captain of ?
What is the name of Harvard 's athletic arena ?
What is the " MAC " known for ?
How many years was the Game ?
On what river is Tucson located ?
What is the Harvard Crimson men 's rivalry called ?
In what year did Harvard win the Intercollegiate Sailing Association National Championships ?
What is the official name of the U.N. ?
What was the name of the Colombian President ?
What was the name of the Costa Rican President ?
What was the name of the Pakistani Prime Minister ?
What was the name of the writer that starred in W. E. Du Bois ?
What was the name of the conductor ?
What was the name of the cellist ?
What was the name of the Civil rights leader ?
What was the name of the mathematician that was founded ?
What legal scholars did Harvard have ?
What is the name of the scholar who wrote Harvard ?
What is the largest city in Florida ?
What is the population of Jacksonville ?
What rank is Jacksonville in ?
What county is Southampton 's county seat ?
What year was the city consolidated ?
Where is Jacksonville located ?
How many miles away is Jacksonville ?
What was the name of the French colony in 1564 ?
Who was the first military governor ?
What is the largest military presence in the US ?
What is tourism related to ?
How many US Navy bases does the riverine have ?
What is another name for Jacksonville ?
How long has Jacksonville been inhabited ?
What is the name of the University of Florida 's Historic and Historic Preserve ?
Who inhabited the region in the 16th century ?
What is the region inhabited by the Mocama ?
What is the name of the village that is downtown ?
Who charted the St. Johns River ?
In what country was Jacksonville 's land discovered ?
Who did Philip II of Spain send to protect Spain ?
What was the fort renamed to ?
What location is subject to debate ?
What war did Spain declare Florida to in 1763 ?
What was the British soon to Georgia ?
Why did the cattle names reflect ?
What country did Britain invade in 1783 ?
When was the Florida Legislative Council approved ?
Why was Jacksonville shipped from Florida to aid ?
What was the first Confederate victory in Florida ?
Where was Jacksonville 's Army located ?
What disrupted the city after the war ?
In what year was a Union expedition confronted ?
What was the popular winter resorts for St. John 's ?
Who attended the Sub - Tropical Exposition ?
What caused the city 's tourism ?
What was the extension of Florida 's extension ?
What was the name of the ship that operates the island ?
What was quickly engulfed in flames ?
How many buildings were destroyed in Atlantic City ?
What did Governor Jennings do ?
What is the largest urban fire in the US ?
What was Jacksonville 's warm climate called ?
How many film studios were established in the decade ?
What was the title of Jacksonville 's title ?
What is a major film center in Southampton ?
What led to newer housing in the suburbs ?
What was the populous ethnic group in 2010 ?
What type of flight is Jacksonville ?
Who was the Jacksonville Story ?
When did Jacksonville increase spending to fund projects ?
What happened to the city 's tax ?
Where was the residents of sewage enforcement located ?
What did Jacksonville do in 1958 ?
What rejected annexation between 1960 and 1965 ?
What were the officials mainly elected through ?
How many officials were indicted to resign ?
What was the name of the Jacksonville Consolidation ?
What happened in 1964 ?
What happened on October 1 , 1968 ?
Who was the Mayor of Meredith Meredith ?
What was the governments merged to create ?
What is the blueprint for Jacksonville 's future tax ?
What did the Better Jacksonville Plan authorized ?
What is the total area of Jacksonville 's city ?
What river divides the city ?
What is the major tributary of the St. Johns River ?
How much of Jacksonville 's water is water ?
What town is Jacksonville located in ?
Where is the Bank of America Tower located ?
What is the tallest building in America ?
How tall is Brasilia 's height ?
How many floors does Guinea - Bissau have ?
What type of base is the 37-story Wells Fargo Center ?
What type of climate is Jacksonville ?
When is glaciers concentrated ?
What type of weather is winters ?
What is Jacksonville 's low latitude ?
What is the highest temperature recorded in Atlantic City ?
What type of weather is erupt ?
What is the cause of the rapid heating process ?
What month does Tucson 's monthly temperatures occur ?
Where was the strongest effect on Jacksonville ?
How long was St. Augustine 's eye crossed ?
What is the name of Jacksonville 's hit ?
What was the name of the Category 2 ?
When was Jacksonville 's Tropical Storm Fay ?
What is Jacksonville 's Arab population ?
How many people lived in Southampton in 2010 ?
How many Filipino American community speak Jacksonville ?
What community served as ties to the US Navy ?
What percentage of households in the Bronx were non - families ?
What was the population of the city ?
How many females were 94.1 males ?
How many 91.3 males were there ?
What percentage of global assets did the richest 1 % of adults get in the year 2000 ?
How many people live in the world 's population ?
What have Oxfam 's claims been questioned on ?
What is the Oxfam report ?
What percentage of global assets did the richest 1 % of adults get in the year 2000 ?
What is the three richest people in the world ?
How much did the combined wealth of the dollar cost in 2008 ?
How much of the global wealth is the wealthiest 1 wealth in 2016 ?
What is the Oxfam report accused of ?
How many Americans have more wealth than all Americans ?
What newspaper has the " richest 1 percent 90 percent " ?
What may help why many Americans have become rich ?
What was the Forbes richest 400 400 Americans up up ?
What is the top richest Americans in the US ?
What percentage of the United States 's more wealth is own wealth ?
What may help why many Americans have become rich ?
How much of the Forbes Americans grew up in substantial privilege ?
Who has more wealth than half of all Americans ?
What views inequalities in the distribution of income ?
What is the labor income due to ?
What is the labor income due to ?
What is inequality a reflection of ?
What are wages and profits determined by ?
What is the distribution of Neoclassical economics ?
What is the labor income due to ?
What is determined by the marginal value added ?
What is the name of the economic actor ?
What is inequality a reflection of ?
What is the capital of capital equipment ?
What does the substitution of capital equipment do ?
What is the reserve army of labour ?
What is the cause of the process ?
What is the capital of capitalist firms ?
What is the substitution of capital equipment ?
What is the capital of capital equipment ?
What is the substitution of capital equipment ?
What is the substitution of capital equipment ?
What can be considered as a function of market of skill ?
What is the price of skill in the law ?
What is another name for Employers ?
What happens to the competitors ?
What is another term for inequality ?
What is the main source of workers wages ?
What did Wages work for ?
What can be considered as a function of market of skill ?
What type of transportation can concentrate wealth ?
What type of inequality is used in the USAF ?
What will drive up the wage ?
What is a large amount of time in a job ?
What happens to a large need for the positions ?
What are Jehovah Witnesses ' wages higher wages through ?
What may limit the supply of workers ?
What is the competition called ?
What is the purpose of a NPO ?
What type of wages does a large need for ?
What does higher economic inequality tends to ?
What type of entrepreneurship is motivated by survival ?
What is another term for food and shelter ?
What is another term for achievement motivations ?
What type of entrepreneurship is driven by achievement ?
What tends to increase entrepreneurship rates ?
Why is most of the most often based ?
What type of entrepreneurship is motivated by survival ?
What is an example of a pull - based entrepreneurship ?
What kind of impact does the economic impact have ?
What type of tax is a tax rate ?
What is the level of the tax rate ?
What can result in a more equal distribution of income across the board ?
What is a tax rate ?
What increases as a progressive tax ?
What is a direct impact on the level of inequality ?
What applied to social spending across the board ?
What is the difference between an income distribution before taxation ?
What is the high demand for high wages ?
What is a afford to afford optional education ?
What happens to optional education ?
What is the productive potential of the education ?
What is an example of a education ?
What is the important factor in inequality ?
What is a high demand for education ?
What happens to optional education ?
What is a lack of education leads to ?
What raises incomes and promotes growth ?
What did S&P provide to the wealth gap ?
How much money did the worker add to the country 's economy ?
What did the Standard & Poor 's rating more prone to ?
Who concluded the widening between the U.S. 's wealthiest citizens ?
In what year was the Standard & bust concluded ?
In what year did the recession occur ?
What did S&P provide to the wealth gap ?
What did the Standard & Poor 's rating more prone to ?
Where did the mass high school education begin ?
What was the increase in skilled school workers ?
What was the decrease in skilled labor education ?
What can cause gender inequality ?
What caused a period of compression ?
Where did the mass high school education begin ?
What was the increase in skilled school workers ?
How was secondary school education designed ?
What is very important for the growth of the economy ?
What is a poverty trap ?
What type of government has remained strong ?
What countries does the U.S. economy rely on ?
What type of liberalism has remained strong ?
What type of support does the evidence provide ?
What is the decline of union membership ?
What is the U.S. economic model associated with ?
In what year was John Schmitt 's point to economic liberalism ?
What type of support does the evidence provide ?
What is the lower level of economic mobility ?
Where is the cross rates of unionization located ?
What is the cross - national pattern ?
What is the decline of the University of Washington ?
What is the income gap in the United States ?
What is the profession of the University of Washington ?
What university has the decline of organized labor in the US ?
What is the decline of the University of Washington ?
What is the rates of unionization ?
What is the cross - national pattern ?
What is the low - skilled workers in the rich countries ?
What happens to low - skilled workers in the US ?
What is the effect of trade on inequality ?
What has low - skilled innovation been replaced by ?
What is the economic inequality of a domestic scale ?
What type of countries have low - skilled workers ?
What is the measurable effect on the rising inequality in the US ?
What is the effect of trade on inequality in America ?
What has low - skilled innovation been replaced by ?
What is the income gap in Botswana ?
What is the income gap in Bahrain ?
What does Thomas Sowell say about women ?
What is a Gender pay gap ?
How many pay in the labor market is there ?
What is a Gender pay gap ?
Who is more likely than men to consider factors ?
Who wrote Knowledge and Decisions ?
What type of programs move to lower levels of inequality ?
What type of levels have equal distributions of wealth ?
What is a country acquires ?
What did social welfare programs move to ?
What is Simon Kuznets 's profession ?
What did Simon Kuznets argue about the result of stages of development ?
What is a country acquires ?
What is the capital of Mexico City ?
Why did social welfare programs move to ?
When did income inequality fall in the US ?
When did the level of income inequality rise to rise ?
Where is the service sector located ?
What is the Kuznets ' cycle ?
What is another name for middle - income developing economies ?
What is another name for middle - income economies ?
What is the recent testing of panel data ?
What is the income of income inequality ?
What type of cycles can be possible for effect ?
What is a theoretical according to whom ?
Why did those hold wealth ?
What can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society ?
What type of wealth has invest in new sources ?
What is the wealth of wealth concentrates ?
What has the means to invest the accumulation of wealth ?
What can significantly contribute to the persistence of inequality within society ?
What is the persistence of inequality ?
What type of returns does Thomas Piketty have ?
What is Joseph Stiglitz 's profession ?
What type of market is Joseph Stiglitz ?
What will the market bid ?
What type of power is Stiglitz ?
What type of researchers have higher rates of health and social problems ?
What is a lower level of economic growth ?
What is lower in more unequal countries ?
What type of researchers have higher rates of health and social problems ?
What is life expectancy in more unequal countries ?
What year did Robert J. Shiller win Robert Shiller ?
What did Robert J. Shiller say in the US ?
What type of effect is inequality ?
What can harm growth ?
What type of growth is required for inequality ?
What was Richard Wilkinson 's nationality ?
What is the average rates of health and social problems ?
What is the lower rates of social goods ?
Along with high levels , what is an example of a social problems ?
How many developed statistics are in the United States ?
What did the stomachs led to ?
What does the pattern of higher incomes holds among ?
What has increases rapidly as per capita income increases ?
How many people live in the USA ?
What was the life expectancy in Sweden ?
What has correlated with health in developed countries ?
Who found a index of " Health and Social Problems " ?
How many factors does the Health and Social Problems have ?
What is the index of health and social problems ?
What does the UNICEF index correlates with ?
What is the Crime rate correlated to ?
How many homicides are there in homicides ?
How many studies have been more common in societies ?
What is the difference in homicide rates ?
What is the amount of variation in homicide rates ?
What is the greatest principle of the economic inequality ?
What is a homeless family ?
What is the additional dollar spent by food ?
What is the marginal utility of wealth per person ?
What tend to be higher ?
What is the income of income inequality ?
What type of Cato is Wilkinson ?
In what year was inequality lower in 1986 ?
Who wrote ' The Hidden Prosperity of the Poor ' ?
What was Thomas B. Edsall 's profession ?
What was Raghuram Rajan 's profession ?
What did Raghuram Rajan say about deep fault lines ?
What is the most recent crisis ?
What has political pressure done to compensate ?
What type of credit is easier to keep unemployment ?
What is negatively correlated with the duration of economic growth spells ?
What is the economic prosperity of inequality ?
What is the most for growth via a number of economic channels ?
What was David Castells 's profession ?
What is the inequality of inequality ?
What is the negative effect on inequality ?
What can cause harm growth ?
What type of effects is required for economic growth ?
What is the global inequality in countries ?
What is the global inequality in countries ?
What is Joseph Stiglitz 's profession ?
What is the main reason for the shift ?
What has become the secret to growth ?
In what year did the presence of inequality and Zeira occur ?
What kind of effect does imperfections have ?
What is the 1996 study ?
What is the higher level of human capital formation ?
What type of unequal societies are there ?
What was Robert Barro 's profession ?
What is the little overall relation to income inequality ?
What is the high levels of inequality in relatively countries ?
What type of growth is growth in richer countries ?
When were the Swedish counties found ?
What is the term for income inequality ?
What is the Kuznets curve hypothesis ?
Who was the Economist in 1914 ?
What is Thomas Piketty 's profession ?
What reduced inequality in 1914 ?
In what decade did some theories develop a positive effect on economic development ?
Why was the 1955 review thought to offset ?
What is the growth of growth inequality in Nigeria ?
How long does it take for effects to manifest ?
What is the growth of growth spells ?
What must be made to participate in economic growth ?
What is the effect of economic growth on poverty ?
What is a growth rate in ten years ?
Who is the Secretary General of the Moon ?
What is the economic growth sufficient for ?
What is held outside the formal or legal property system ?
Where is the unregistered property held ?
What type of ownership is Reasons ?
How many steps can be found in the government ?
What type of land can build 14 years ?
What is a shortage of income inequality ?
What caused the demand for higher quality increased ?
What is the number of quality rental units ?
Why did rental prices increase in East New York ?
What is the ad valorem ?
What type of costs is shared to avoid costs ?
What is the state 's costs equipped to manage ?
What is the purpose of middle income earners ?
What is the result of the economic result ?
What is the more waste and pollution ?
Why was there lower as lower ?
Why was there lower as lower ?
What happens to WWF ?
What is the vast disparities in wealth ?
What is the situation with Socialists ?
What is the vast majority of the population dependent on ?
What is the means of production that is owned by socialists ?
What is the means of income differentials ?
Who argued that government redistributes wealth ?
What does Robert Nozick believe the government redistributes wealth in ?
The ideal moral society would be free from what ?
What was the result of modern economic inequalities ?
What did John Rawls say about the Theory of Justice ?
What is the human development approach ?
What is another term for neoliberalism ?
What is the goal of the BeiDou-1 system ?
What is the goal of a person ?
What is the goal of the agency ?
What happens to a person 's capabilities ?
What does a ill man do ?
What may prevent a woman from receiving education ?
What is the cause of people in the area ?
What is a benefit of people to prevent inequality ?
What is the University of Chicago ?
In what year was Washington University founded ?
How many professional schools does BYU have ?
How many academic research divisions does the University of Kansas have ?
How many students does Notre Dame have ?
What did Chicago develop ?
Who helped develop the world 's first man ?
Where did self - sustaining nuclear reaction occur ?
What is the largest university in the US ?
In what year was the Barack 's Presidential Center established ?
What was the name of the book founded by the University of Chicago ?
Who was the wealthiest man in Chicago ?
Who was the university 's first president ?
In what year did William Rainey Harper become president ?
In what year was the first classes of the Royal Institute founded ?
Who donated the University of Chicago ?
Who provided the funds for the campus ?
What was the name of the first building for the college ?
How much was Marshall Field 's pledge worth ?
Who was the treasurer of Hutchinson Commons ?
What are some of the regional colleges in Chicago ?
In what year was Shimer College founded ?
How long did the University of Chicago take place ?
Who disliked the program ?
In what year did the program begin ?
Who was the fifth president of Washington University ?
In what year was the university 's fifth president ?
What was the tenure of the Notre Dame tenure ?
What was the purpose of the Common Core ?
What is the name of the college 's liberal curriculum ?
When did student applications declined as a result of crime ?
What did student applications declined as a result of ?
How long did it take for the University of Chicago ?
In what neighborhood was the student applications declined ?
What did the early entrant program do ?
In what year did university unrest begin ?
What did George Beadle 's office do in a protest ?
In what year was the Kalven Report established ?
How many - page statement does the university have ?
What is a two - page statement of the university 's policy ?
When did university - dollar expansion projects begin ?
What did the University of Chicago establish to establish ?
How much is the institute cost ?
What is the name of the institute that occupy Chicago ?
Who donated the Booth School of Business ?
What is the name of the University of Chicago campus ?
How many quadrangles are in the Main Quadrangles ?
Who designed the Main Quadrangles ?
What is another name for Mitchell Tower ?
What is another name for Hutchinson Hall ?
When did the Gothic style begin to give way ?
Who was contracted to develop a second master plan ?
What is the name of the building designed by Ludwig Mies ?
What is the name of Edward Durrell 's building ?
When was the Gerald Ratner Athletics Center created ?
Where is the Booth School of Business located ?
Where is the Center in Paris located ?
In what year did the University of Chicago open a center in Beijing ?
Where is the University of Chicago located ?
In what year did Hong Kong open ?
Who oversees the long - term development ?
How many members does the Board of Trustees have ?
How many Vice Presidents are in the President ?
Who is the Chairman of the Board ?
Who replaced Isaacs in March 2016 ?
What is BYU 's university called ?
How many divisions are in the University of Chicago ?
How many professional schools are in Chicago ?
How many academic majors are in Chicago ?
How many minors does BYU have ?
How many divisions are in the college ?
What is the name of the interdisciplinary majors ?
What is the name of the university 's core curriculum ?
How many students are in Chicago ?
What type of learning does the University of Chicago provide ?
What is the name of the Undergraduate courses of American universities ?
What is the private day school for Chicago ?
What is the name of the residential treatment program for Chicago ?
How many public charter schools are in Chicago ?
What is the Urban Education Institute ?
Where is the Hyde Park Day School located ?
How many libraries does the University of Chicago Library system contain ?
How many libraries are in the University of Chicago Library ?
What is the university 's main library ?
In what year was the Joe and Rika Mansueto Library built ?
How many volumes does the John Crerar Library contain ?
How many research institutes does BYU have ?
How many research centers does KU have ?
What is the name of the particle physics laboratory ?
Where is the Apache Point Observatory located ?
What is the important role in the university ?
What was the first self - sustained nuclear reaction ?
What was the first self - sustained nuclear reaction ?
In what year was REM sleep discovered ?
In what year did Kanye West get a doctorate ?
In what year did the doctorate of studies begin ?
In what year was Cinema & Media published ?
In what year did theater and performance studies occur ?
How many major undergraduates enroll in creative and performing arts classes ?
How many students attended the University of Chicago in 2014 ?
How many students were in the College of Chicago ?
How many students are in the professional schools ?
How many students were in the College of Chicago ?
What is the 2012 Spring Quarter ?
What is the name of the Division 's Division III ?
Where do the Maroons compete ?
What is the name of Northwestern 's university ?
Who was the first winner of the Heisman Trophy ?
What is the name of the varsity varsity athletics ?
How many clubs are in the University of Chicago ?
What is the name of the University of Chicago ?
What is the name of the school in Chicago ?
What is the name of the nation 's longest committee ?
What is the name of the nation 's second oldest theater ?
How is public Government made ?
Who is the head of Mexico City ?
How many Vice Presidents are in the Executive Committee ?
How much is the annual budget worth ?
How many fraternities are in Chicago ?
How many sororities are in the University of Chicago ?
What is the name of the co - ed community fraternity ?
How many sororities are in the National Panhellenic Conference ?
How many fraternities are in the University of Chicago ?
When was the University of Chicago held ?
In what year was the University of Chicago held ?
What is the name of the festival that takes over campus ?
What is the name of KU 's winter festival ?
What is the name of the concert called ?
What is the name of the CEO 's CEO ?
Who was the third richest man in America ?
Who was the third richest man in America ?
Who was the Governor of New Jersey in business ?
Who was the first management accounting textbook ?
Who was the founder of modern community ?
What was the name of the President ?
Who was the federal judge ?
What was the name of the Governor of Japan 's Governor ?
Who was the Supreme Court Justice ?
Who wrote ' Before I ' ?
Who wrote the Pulitzer ?
Who wrote ' The Closing ' ?
Who was the Good War ?
What is the name of the notable alumni in the UK ?
What is the name of the minimalist composer ?
What is the name of the Halo video game ?
What is the name of the video game Alex Seropian ?
What is the name of the actor Prize for Criticism ?
What is the name of the comedian who starred Philip Kaufman ?
Who is the prominent contributor of the scientific research of extraterrestrial life ?
Who was the NASA 's astronaut ?
What was the name of the physicist who created DNA ?
Who was the creator of lithium - ion battery ?
What is the name of the uranium - lead dating dating ?
Who was the Nobel Memorial Prize ?
Who was the Nobel Memorial Prize Prize ?
Who won the Nobel Memorial Prize ?
What is the name of the Nobel theory ?
Who are some famous alumni of a female hominid ?
What is the name of Harold Innis 's chess ?
What is the name of the National Security Council ?
What is the name of the speed of light calculator in physics ?
What is the name of the first nuclear reactor reactor ?
What was the name of the first nuclear reactor ?
What is the name of the hydrogen bomb ?
What is the name of the second Nobel winner ?
What is the name of the faculty that is included in Yale ?
What was the name of the mathematician who wrote Friedrich Hayek ?
What is the name of the man who produced faculty ?
Who was the developer of the actinide concept ?
Who were the cancer researchers ?
What is the former name of the 74th Secretary ?
What was the name of the governor ?
What is the name of the political scientists that were founded ?
What is the name of the political scientists that were founded ?
What is the name of the book that is evolutionary faculty ?
What is another name for the Yuan dynasty ?
What was the Yuan dynasty called ?
Who founded the Yuan dynasty ?
Who founded the Yuan dynasty ?
When was the Mongols proclaimed ?
The Yuan dynasty is considered a successor to what empire ?
What was the Mandate of Heaven called ?
In what dynasty did the Mandate of Heaven occur ?
Who was the grandfather of Kublai Khan ?
When did Kublai Khan rule the name Great Yuan ?
Where is 大哉乾元 located ?
What was the counterpart in Mongolian language ?
What was the Great Yuan Great State ?
What was the nominal title of Yuan emperors ?
What tribes did Genghis Khan rule ?
In what year did Genghis Khan become Great Khan ?
What was the name of Genghis 's third son ?
In what city was Great Khan born ?
What was Ögedei 's profession ?
Who did the Mongols try to fight against ?
Who was the Khitan defected ?
What was the name of the Han Chinese leaders ?
How many troops did each Tumen have ?
How many Khitan Tumens did the Tumens have ?
What ethnicity was Shi Tianze ?
Where did Shi Tianze live ?
What marriage became common in the time ?
What was the name of Avicenna 's father ?
What dynasty did Zhang Rou launch an attack on ?
Who commenced a military campaign against the Chinese Song dynasty ?
Where was the Chinese Song dynasty ?
When did Eisenhower die ?
Who was the brother of Kublai ?
What was the Chinese era called ?
Who was Kaidu 's grandson ?
What was the domain of Kublai 's domain ?
Who was the ruler of Korea in 1259 ?
What part of Korea did Kublai acquire ?
In what year did Li Tan rule a revolt ?
What was the compromise of Kublai 's government ?
What was the traditional monopolies of the bureaucracy ?
What type of structure did Eisenhower have ?
How many Yuan society did Kublai have ?
What group occupying the lowest rank ?
Where was the Mongol capital located ?
Where was the Mongol capital ?
In what year was the Mongol capital from Mongolia ?
What was the name of the Jurchen capital ?
What rituals did Khublai have ?
Kublai Khan promoted what growth ?
What type of peace was Pax Mongolica ?
Where did Kublai establish the Grand Canal ?
Where did Kublai build the Grand Canal ?
Who was the most influential account of Yuan China ?
What happened to the Jin Yansheng Kong Duanyou ?
When was the Jin dynasty ?
When was the Jin dynasty ?
What was the name of the Jin dynasty ?
How many people lived in Confucius 's descendants ?
In what geographic part of China did Kublai rule ?
When did Kublai invade Xiangyang ?
What was the name of the dynasty ?
What was the name of the Song capital ?
What happened to the last Song emperor ?
When did Kublai regain financial difficulties ?
What was Kublai 's second invasion ?
What was the name of the Tran dynasty ?
What battle did the Tran dynasty defeat ?
When was the Battle of Bạch Đằng ?
In what year did Dali invade Dali ?
What was the name of Kublai 's eldest son ?
In what year did Kublai die ?
What was Temür Khan 's position ?
What was the purpose of Temür Khan ?
Who was the fourth Yuan emperor ?
What was the Yuan emperor ?
What was the liquidation of the highest - ranking officials called ?
When was the traditional imperial examinations reintroduced ?
Who was Ayurbarwada 's son ?
When did Emperor Gegeen Khan rule ?
What was the name of the appointed grand chancellor ?
What did the Da Yuan Tong Tong mean ?
How many princes was Gegeen assassinated ?
In what year did Yesün Temür die ?
What was the civil war against Ragibagh called ?
How long did it take for Kusala ?
What was the name of Eisenhower 's poison ?
What was the name of Kusala 's banquet ?
What is Tugh Temür known for ?
What was the most concrete effort to patronize Chinese learning ?
When was the Pavilion of Literature first established ?
What is the most important institutional compendium ?
What happened to Zhu Xi ?
In what year did Tugh Temür die ?
Who was the death of Rinchinbal ?
How old was Emperor Huizong when he died ?
How many successors of Kublai Khan did Khan Khan have ?
Who were the successful projects of the projects ?
What were the final years of the Yuan dynasty ?
What happened to the Mongols in the Middle Kingdom ?
What two groups were separated from China ?
Who ravaged the country without interference ?
In what type of government was China separated ?
During what time period did the famines occur ?
What event started in 1351 ?
What did Toghun Temür dismissed for ?
What was the name of Toghtogha 's army ?
When was the Míng dynasty ?
What promoted trade between East and West ?
What produced a fair amount of cultural exchange ?
What was the name of the development of Persia ?
What Eastern crops were introduced during the Yuan dynasty ?
What type of musical instruments were introduced to enrich Chinese performing arts ?
Who enjoyed a period of toleration ?
What religion endured certain persecutions in favor of Buddhism ?
What type of governmental practices were reinstated ?
What were the names of the fields of Advances ?
Who was the most famous traveler of the Great Khan ?
What was the capital of the Venetian Marco Polo ?
What is another name for Il milione ?
What was the name of the account of Chopin 's travels ?
What did Marco Polo acquire much of ?
Who was Kublai 's top engineers ?
How long did the lunisolar reform provide ?
What happened to the empire ?
What city became the terminus of the Grand Canal of China ?
What is the major food crop in China ?
Who ruled the Yuan dynasty ?
What is another name for Mongols ?
The Yuan dynasty is the legitimate dynasty between what dynasty ?
Who is the legitimate dynasty of China ?
Why did  consider the Yuan dynasty ?
Who were the Kublai Khan ?
What were the Chinese style elements ?
Who gave strong influence to Kublai 's court ?
What type of division is the government ?
What is the Chinese tripartite division ?
Where were the real military authority in Yuan times ?
When was the Six Ministries introduced ?
Who did the Ministry of Justice extend to ?
What was the insignificance ?
When was the Phags - pa script introduced ?
What were the Phags - pa script ?
Chinese could converse in what language ?
Who was a Tangut concubine ?
When was Tugh Temur born ?
In what year was the Mongols selling debt slavery ?
In what year did Kublai take place ?
What income did the Yuan dynasty have ?
What were some of the areas in the China ?
What were some of the artists that practicing pursuits ?
What was the Yuan dynasty linked to ?
What was the main development of Yuan poetry ?
What type of show was the incorporation of poetry ?
What part of khanates did the Yuan dynasty converted to ?
What religion did Kublai Khan support ?
What was established as the state state religion ?
What is the top - level department and government ?
What religion did Kublai Khan belong to ?
What is another name for Zhu Shijie ?
What is another name for Zhu Shijie ?
What is another name for Zhu Shijie ?
What algebra was made up of mathematicians during the Yuan era ?
In what year was the Jade Mirror of the Four Unknowns written ?
What did Guo Shoujing do to the construction of calendars ?
What does Gou mean ?
When was the Shoushi Li ?
What did the Shoushi Li mean ?
When was the calendar disseminated ?
What did the Mongols consider to be ?
What kind of cures did the Mongols have ?
What school did Kublai form ?
How did Confucian scholars view the medical profession ?
How many Great Schools did the Yuan have ?
What did the Four Great Schools do ?
Who was the practice of Chinese medicine ?
What Chinese medical techniques were transmitted ?
In what years was Wei Yilin born ?
Who founded the Office of Western Medicine ?
In what year was the Office of Western Medicine founded ?
What type of system did Chinese physicians support ?
What philosophy did Chinese physicians reject ?
Where was Chinese printing technology transferred to ?
Who created Nong Shu ?
When was the technology invented ?
Who was the publication of a Taoist text ?
When was the Imperial Library Directorate created ?
What was the paper money of the Yuan called ?
Where were Chao made from ?
What was the Yuan government switched to ?
What did the Yuan government use to print paper money ?
Where was the Il - khanate government issued ?
What feudalism was Kublai the product of ?
What type of system was Kublai ?
What were the Mongols and the Semuren called ?
What kind of coloration did the Yuan regime have ?
What happened to the North Chinese or Southerners ?
Who did the Mongols invade in China ?
Who did the Mongols send to China ?
Where was the Muslim population located ?
Who did the Mongols offer to Central Asian ?
What was the Chinese name for Chinese culture ?
What was the Yuan Emperors accused of ?
What did the Yuan way to eat ?
What is another name for Chinese communities ?
What is another name for Chinese communities ?
What revolted against the Yuan dynasty ?
Who wrote the usage of the term social classes ?
What did Frederick W. Mote say about the term social classes ?
What did Frederick W. Mote say about Chinese classes ?
What happened to Mongol and Semu ?
Where was the Southern Chinese Chinese ranked ?
What part of China was the Northern Chinese ranked in ?
What happened to the Northern Chinese ?
What happened to the Mongols ?
Who were the conditions that rise to favorable conditions ?
What did the Mongols destroy ?
What was the Uighur King of Qocho known as ?
What was Kara Kublai 's rank ?
What happened to the Uighurs ?
Where was the most important region of the dynasty ?
What is the most important region of the Central Region ?
Where was the Central Region located ?
What is another name for Khanbaliq ?
What is the Central Secretariat called ?
What is the immune system called ?
What is another name for an immune system ?
What is the peripheral immune system called ?
What is the peripheral immune system called ?
What is another name for an immune system ?
What is the adaptive immune system called ?
What is another name for subsystems ?
What is the peripheral immune system called ?
What is less active than normal ?
What type of results attacking normal tissues ?
What is the study of the immune system called ?
What is an example of a genetic disease ?
What was the name of the Nobel proofs ?
What was the cause of the Nobel Prize ?
What was the name of the disease that Walter Reed was known for ?
When was the earliest reference to immunity ?
What is found in all plants and animals ?
What is the second layer of pathogens called ?
What type of memory is the pathogen ?
What is an example of an organism that prevent pathogens to prevent antibiotics ?
What does the immune system distinguish ?
What is those components of an organism 's body ?
What is those recognized as foreign molecules ?
What are non - self molecules called ?
What is another term for non - self molecules ?
What is an example of an innate immune system ?
What is the dominant system of host defense in most organisms ?
What type of annelids are conserved ?
What type of pathogens are used to pathogens ?
What type of insects are the waxy cuticle ?
What is an example of an exoskeleton ?
What mechanically eject pathogens ?
What is the flushing ?
What is the flushing action ?
What is the skin and respiratory tract called ?
What is an example of a Enzymes ?
What is another name for semen ?
What type of acid is used in the stomach ?
What is a chemical barrier called ?
What is an example of a biological barriers ?
What type of organism do antibiotics affect ?
What is another name for unpasteurized yogurt ?
What does the lactobacilli helps restore ?
What is the first responses of the immune system ?
What causes the symptoms of inflammation ?
What is another name for Inflammation ?
What is an example of a fever ?
What is responsible for communication between white blood cells ?
What is another name for Phagocytosis ?
What is another name for specific locations ?
What is the intracellular vesicle called ?
What is another name for a lysosome ?
What did Phagocytosis evolve as ?
What are the phagocytes of invading pathogens ?
What is the most abundant type of phagocyte ?
What is the most abundant type of phagocyte ?
What is the first phase of inflammation called ?
What is another name for Macrophages ?
What is the second arm of the innate immune system ?
What is another name for Leukocytes ?
Innate cells are important in what activation ?
What are the phagocytes ?
What type of cells are phagocytes ?
What is the resemblance of the nervous system called ?
What type of cells are antigens ?
What type of cells are antigens ?
What is a component of the innate immune system ?
What is another term for cells ?
What is the cell - surface marker called ?
What are the MHC antigens recognized by ?
When did the adaptive immune system develop ?
What is the recognition of non - self antigens ?
What type of pathogens are specific to specific pathogens ?
What are the two major subtypes of T cells ?
What type of cells have a role in modulating immune response ?
What type of molecules do Killer cells recognize ?
What type of molecules do Killer T cells recognize ?
What type of cells are the third ?
What is a sub - group of T cells ?
What is another name for the T cell ?
What induces the target cell to undergo apoptosis ?
What is the helper antigen recognized by ?
What is the activation of many cell types ?
What is another name for CD154 ?
What is the characteristics of the T cell receptor ?
What does the delta T cells possess ?
What is the border between innate and adaptive immunity called ?
What can produce a memory phenotype ?
What is the large numbers of human cells ?
What identifies pathogens to a specific foreign antigen ?
What is the processed antigen called ?
What is the offspring of some offspring ?
What type of response is the pathogen ?
What is the purpose of Immunological memory ?
What do memory cells remember ?
Newborn infants have no exposure to what ?
What is another name for antibody ?
What is transferred to the gut ?
What is another term for Hormones ?
What are female sex hormones known as ?
What is the autoimmune autoimmune diseases called ?
What is another name for male sex hormones ?
What proteins have been closely intertwined with both T - cell differentiation ?
What is the increase in chronic conditions ?
What is the cause of active immunizations ?
What is the progressive decline in the environment ?
What is another name for the skin ?
What is regulated by the immune system ?
What is the less sun radiation that is produce ?
What is the main response of the immune system ?
What type of class is the tumor ?
What is another term for MHC antigens ?
What is generated against tumor cells ?
What type of cells do animals lack ?
What are the Individual plant cells called ?
What causes cells to prevent the spread of the disease ?
What is a type of defensive response ?
What can block virus replication ?
What is another name for immune responses ?
The immune system fails to properly distinguish between what ?
Where is the functions of specialized cells located ?
What do some T cells react to ?
What type of immune system is inactive ?
What are the ability to respond to pathogens ?
How long does the immune responses last ?
What are some causes of poor immune function ?
What is the most common cause of immunodeficiency in developing countries ?
What is required for immunity ?
What is the principle behind vaccination called ?
What is the principle of vaccination ?
What is the deliberate induction of the immune system ?
What do bacteria overcome ?
What may insert a hollow tube ?
What are the proteins used to do ?
What is the success of any pathogen ?
Who created the clonal selection theory ?
What is another name for nonself ?
What is the name of the discoveries activation of T cells ?
Who created the clonal selection theory ?
What is the most powerful of these drugs ?
What inhibit the immune response ?
What is another name for cytotoxic ?
What is the term for T cells ?
What are the effector cells ?
What is another name for anti - inflammatory molecules ?
What is the presence of inflammation ?
What did melatonin actively actively counteract ?
What is a T - cell encounters ?
What is the signaling device called ?
What type of relationship does T - cells have ?
What is the T - cell ?
What is the immune system called ?
What type of receptors are used to identify molecules ?
What is the evolutionarily component of the innate immune ?
What type of cells are used by most forms of invertebrate life ?
What is conserved across all eukaryotes ?
What is the adaptive immune system called ?
What molecule has been found in primitive jawless vertebrates ?
What is the large array of molecules ?
What is the classical molecules of the vertebrates called ?
What is the antibody - based humoral response ?
What is the unique defense called ?
What is another name for the restriction modification system ?
What type of sequences are used to retain fragments ?
What theories did the 20th century have ?
Who represented the cellular theory of immunity ?
What was responsible for immune responses ?
Who was the humoral theory of immunity ?
What was the active immune agents called ?
What do some tumors evade on ?
What is the reduced number of class cells ?
What is another name for secreting cells ?
The cytokine TGF - β suppresses what ?
What is the immune response called ?
How many classes are there ?
What is a immediate or anaphylactic reaction ?
What is another name for Type I hypersensitivity ?
What is a name for antibodies bind ?
What is another name for the host host ?
What is another name for food poisoning ?
What is another name for malaria ?
What is the name of the bacteria that prevents lysis ?
What is another name for bacteria ?
What is the example of a example ?
What uses a similar type of surface protein ?
What is the This called ?
What is another term for oncogenic ?
What is a enzyme called ?
What is another name for transforms ?
What is another name for transforms ?
What is another name for Larger drugs ?
What type of acids are overrepresented ?
What is the study of large sets of proteins ?
What type of cells have been recognizable ?
What is the emerging field of immunogenicity called ?
What is an example of a blood growth ?
What is another name for hormones ?
What does the shift of hormones balance to ?
What is the formation of long - lasting immune memory ?
What does enzymes protect against ?
What is another name for phagocytosis ?
What is the process of immunity called ?
What creates immunological memory ?
What is the speed of the response ?
What type of cascade is the initial signal ?
What can the deposition of cells kill ?
Who is the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change ?
What are the two major United Nations organizations ?
What is the ultimate objective of the UNFCCC ?
What is the main international treaty on climate change ?
What was the official name of the United Nations ?
Who is the chair of the IPCC ?
What nationality is Hoesung Lee ?
Who led the IPCC ?
What was the name of the chairs in 1988 ?
When was El Gizouli elected ?
Who is the IPCC Panel ?
How many government officials does the University of Kansas have ?
How many people were in the 2003 election ?
How many participants were in Sessions ?
When was the IPCC Trust Fund established ?
Who established the IPCC Trust Fund ?
Who operates the secretariat ?
Who is the cost of the Depute Secretary ?
What is the organisation required to comply ?
What does the IPCC do ?
What does the authors of authors give priority to ?
What is the " grey literature " refer to ?
What are some of the non - peer sources ?
How many lead authors does a chapter have ?
How many lead authors does a chapter have ?
What does a chapter of " contributing authors " do ?
Who is responsible for assembling the contributions of the other authors ?
What is the name of the group that is responsible for the lead ?
What is the summary of emissions resulting from ?
What is the summary of the greenhouse gases ?
How much greenhouse has CO2 been responsible for ?
What is another name for global mean ?
What is the global mean mean surface air temperature ?
When was the joint statement issued ?
How many national science academies were in 2001 ?
What was the name of the journal published by the statement ?
What percentage of temperatures will continue to rise ?
What is the average global surface temperature projected to rise ?
Who has made a number of criticisms of the TAR ?
What does Lindzen mean ?
Who was the co - chair of TAR WGI ?
What was John Houghton 's job title ?
What happens to the SPM ?
What is the IPCC Special Reports ?
In what year was the IPCC Special Report finalized ?
What happened to Special Reports ?
What does the UNFCCC supports ?
What is the factors for emissions estimates for fuel consumption ?
What is the purpose of publishing default emission ?
Who is the IPCC concentrates allotted to ?
What is the IPCC incorrect for ?
What did the expressed expressed regret ?
What is the name of the date of 2035 ?
What is the name of the date of 2035 ?
What was Robert Watson 's position ?
How did Robert Watson describe the mistakes ?
What was Martin Parry 's job ?
What type of glaciers did Martin Parry have ?
What was the purpose of the IPCC ?
In what year was the third assessment report published ?
Who created the third assessment report ?
What is the third assessment report called ?
What happened to the schematic ?
When did the current warming period occur ?
Who was the Science and Environmental Policy Project ?
Where was the press held ?
On what date was the graph hearing hearing ?
In what body of government was the graph located ?
Who was the chairman of the House Committee ?
Who was the Chairman of Energy and Commerce in 2005 ?
On what date was Ed Whitfield elected ?
Who was the chairman of the House Science Committee ?
What was the name of the National Research Council ?
When was the IPCC Fourth Assessment Report published ?
In what year was the Third Assessment Report published ?
How many reconstructions covered 1,000 years ?
How many reconstructions covered 1,000 years ?
What problem affecting certain tree ring data ?
When was the publication of IPCC 's report published ?
Why was the study of IPCC published ?
When was the temperature rise ?
What happened to the sea projection ?
What is a study of scientific research ?
How many values are there ?
What is the 2100 sea levels in 2100 ?
What is the Third Assessment Report called ?
What was Michael Oppenheimer 's job ?
What magazine did Michael Oppenheimer win in the Fifth Assessment Report ?
What does Michael Oppenheimer say about the Fifth Assessment Report ?
What is the Ozone depletion ?
What is the Montreal Protocol called ?
Who has follow different goals in the IPCC ?
Who wrote global warming ?
What is the unsolved problem ?
What is the unsolved problem ?
Who led the Stern Review ?
What basis does the IPCC have ?
What is the reason for the IPCC report ?
What does not carry out its own research ?
How many climate scientists does the Fourth Assessment Report have ?
Where was the IPCC report written ?
What was the purpose of a permanent permanent body ?
What type of staff does the panel provide ?
What is a prime number of positive divisors ?
The fundamental theorem of arithmetic establishes what theory ?
What establishes the central role of primes ?
What is the integer greater greater than 1 theory ?
What is the uniqueness of excluding 1 ?
What is another name for prime minister ?
What is another name for verifying ?
What is a small probability of error ?
What is the name of the correct answer in polynomial time ?
How many decimal digits does Portugal have ?
How many primes are there ?
What is the current name of the Royal Institute ?
What type of behaviour is the distribution of primes ?
What is the first result of n. ?
When is the prime number theorem proven ?
What is infinitely many pairs of primes ?
What type of numbers did the development of number theory develop ?
What type of domains do Prime numbers have ?
What is the number of prime n ?
What implies the number of n is not prime ?
What refers to any prime number greater than 2 ?
How many prime numbers are there in the decimal system ?
How many numbers are multiples ?
What did most early Greeks consider to be ?
Who were the first prime number ?
Who was the first prime prime minister ?
What was Derrick Norman 's list ?
What was the special category for the 1 20th century ?
What is the large body of mathematical work called ?
What was the sieve of Eratosthenes ?
What is the number 1 lacks ?
Euler 's totient function is what ?
What was the purpose of the sieve ?
What is the Egyptian fraction of prime numbers ?
The earliest surviving records of prime numbers come from where ?
What contain important theorems about primes ?
Who showed a perfect number from a Mersenne prime ?
What is the simple method for Eratosthenes ?
In what year did Pierre de Fermat publish his little theorem ?
What was the name of Leibniz 's little theorem ?
What does Fermat mean ?
What does Fermat mean ?
What is the form of the French monk ?
What is another name for the primality n ?
What is the routine routine implemented for ?
What is the integer routine greater ?
What is the result of a integer ?
How many divisions are necessary to check the primality of 37 ?
How many main classes are there ?
What is another name for two main classes ?
What is another name for general algorithms ?
What type of algorithm is trial division ?
What is the probability composite of our tests called ?
What is a probabilistic test ?
What is the Fermat primality test ?
What is another name for composite numbers ?
What is the name of the Fermat primality test ?
What is another name for Baillie - PSW ?
What is the form of the Sophie Germain primes ?
What is another name for the Sophie Germain primes ?
What test is particularly fast for numbers ?
What is the name of the form of p + 1 ?
What is the arbitrary prime prime ?
What have some primes been found using ?
In what year was the Great Internet Mersenne project awarded ?
How much money does the Electronic Frontier Foundation offer ?
What is the largest interval of primes ?
What is the largest integer of n. Here ?
How long is Bertrand 's postulate ?
What is the natural number for Bertrand 's postulate ?
What is the prime number of formula ?
What is the modulo 9 ?
How many prime number are in the rows ?
How many prime numbers are there in all rows ?
What function is related to prime numbers ?
What type of value does the zeta function have ?
What does the harmonic series of harmonic + ... diverges mean ?
What is the following identity of Basel ?
When was the unproven Riemann hypothesis dating ?
What is the irregularity in the distribution of primes ?
What is the distribution of primes ?
What is the distribution of primes ?
In what year did Landau become unsolved ?
How many numbers does the conjecture have ?
What can be written as a sum of three primes ?
What is the sum of integer integer can be written as ?
Who is a strengthening of every positive integer n ?
How many twin primes are there ?
What is the form of the Quran called ?
What is the canonical example of pure mathematics ?
Who was the number of number theorists ?
In what decade was the vision shattered ?
What are the Prime numbers used for ?
How many number generators are used for Prime Minister ?
What is the name of the public cryptography algorithms ?
What is another name for large prime numbers ?
What type of primes is frequently used for RSA ?
What type of exponentiation is efficient algorithms ?
What type of primes is typical for Diffie ?
What is the evolutionary strategy used by ?
Insects do what ?
How many years did it take for pupate ?
What is the logic for predators ?
How much higher does the cicadas last ?
What is another name for prime ?
What is the prime field of a field ?
What is a prime knot ?
How can a knot be uniquely ?
What is another name for the word prime ?
What is the algebraic structure for Prime Minister ?
Prime and multiplication are defined as what ?
Prime and multiplication are defined as what ?
What is the element of a element ?
What continues to hold in unique factorization domains ?
What is a example of a domain ?
How many + numbers are there ?
What is a + bi ?
What is another name for Rational primes ?
What theory is replaced with ideal ?
What is an important tool for study ?
Prime and algebraic geometry are what type of theory ?
What is the Lasker - Noether theorem ?
What is the points of algebro - geometric objects ?
What is the resemblance of algebraic theory ?
What is quadratic reciprocity ?
What does quadratic reciprocity concerns with ?
What is a number of smaller norm ?
What do some arithmetic fields may be transferred back to ?
What is a field of real numbers ?
Who used prime numbers to create ametrical music ?
What was the 1935 1935 book called ?
What is the 1949–50 ?
What is the name of the étude ?
What was Messiaen inspired by ?
Where is the Rhine located ?
Where is the biggest city located ?
What is the longest river in Central Europe ?
How far away is the second river ?
What country is Cologne located in ?
Where is the North Sea located ?
How far away is the second river ?
What is another name for the Gaulish ?
What is another name for Rh- ?
What is another name for the Gaulish -i- ?
When was the Roman name Rēnos first used ?
What is another name for the Gaulish ?
What is another name for Rh- ?
What is another name for the Gaulish -i- ?
What is another name for Dutch ?
What is another name for Dutch Rijn ?
Where is the length of the Rhine measured ?
When is the length of the Rhine introduced ?
Where is the length of the Rhine located ?
What is another name for the Old Rhine Bridge ?
What is the river significantly shortened to ?
Where is the length of the Rhine measured ?
When is the length of the Rhine introduced ?
Where is the length of the Rhine located ?
What is another name for the Old Rhine Bridge ?
What is the river significantly shortened to ?
What part of Chur is the river located near ?
How far is the section of the Alps ?
What is the glacial alpine valley known as ?
What is the name of the natural dam ?
What country is the Alpine Rhine in ?
What is the distinctive turn to the river ?
How far is the section of the Alps ?
What is the height of a height ?
What is the glacial alpine valley known as ?
Where is the Alpine Rhine located ?
What is the inland delta of the Rhine ?
Who is the delta is delimited in ?
What type of section is the delta ?
What is another name for Esel ?
What is the inland delta of the Rhine ?
What type of section is the delta ?
Who is the delta is delimited in ?
What type of islands did precipitating sediments form ?
What is the singular name for the Alemannic dialect ?
Where was the upper canal of the Rhine located ?
Where was the lower canal located ?
What was the regulation of the Rhine Delta called ?
Where is the canalized Ach located ?
What is the continuous input of sediment ?
Where was the lower canal located ?
Where was the upper canal of the Rhine located ?
What was the regulation of the Rhine called ?
What had diverted to be diverted ?
What is the lake expected up ?
How many bodies are in Lake Constance ?
What is another name for Lake Rhine ?
What does the Obersee mean ?
What is the Untersee ?
The Rhine flows into which border ?
How many bodies are in Lake Constance ?
Where is the lake located ?
Where is the lake located ?
What is Tucson 's located ?
What is the Austrian state ?
What is the Rhine water abruptly falls into ?
What was the Rhine water abruptly falls into ?
What is the island of the lake ?
Where is the island located ?
What is the Rhine visible along ?
What is another name for the Constance hopper ?
Where is Lake Überlingen located ?
Where is the island located ?
What is another name for the Rheinrinne ?
Where is the lake located ?
What direction is the Rhine ?
What is the major tributary of the Rhine ?
How much is the Aare 's water discharge ?
What is the highest point of the Rhine basin ?
Where is the Rhine knee ?
What direction is the Rhine ?
What is the major tributary of the Rhine ?
How much is the Aare 's water discharge ?
What is the highest point of the Rhine basin ?
What country is the Rhine part of ?
Where is the Rhine knee located ?
What is the first major city in Basel ?
What is the boundary between High and Upper Rhine ?
How long is the Upper Rhine Plain ?
How far is the Upper Rhine Plain ?
Where is the Rhine knee located ?
What is the first major city in Basel ?
Where is the Rhine knee ?
What is the name of the mountain ends ends ?
What is the boundary between High and Upper Rhine ?
In what century was the Rhine straightening program changed ?
What happened to the ground water level ?
What happened to the ground water level ?
What was dug in the French side ?
What type of pools are found in Alsace ?
Where was the Rhine straightening program located ?
When was the Rhine straightening program changed ?
What happened to the rate of flow ?
What happened to the ground water level ?
What was dug in the French side ?
What is the longest river in Germany ?
The Rhine is the longest river in what country ?
What is the average discharge of the Moselle ?
What is the average discharge of more than 300 m3 / s ?
What is the average width of the Rhine ?
The Rhine is the longest river in what country ?
The Rhine is the longest river in what country ?
What is the main tributaries of the Rhine ?
What country drains to the Rhine ?
What is the annual mean discharge of the Rhine ?
What is the formation of the Rhine Gorge ?
Where is the Middle Rhine ?
What was the formation of the Rhine Gorge ?
What is the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as ?
What is the formation of the Rhine Gorge ?
Where is the Middle Rhine ?
What is the stretch of the gorge known for ?
What is the UNESCO World Heritage Site known as ?
What was the major source of water pollution ?
What river is the river of Cologne ?
What is the home of Europe 's largest inland port ?
What joins the Rhine in Duisburg ?
What is the Ruhr ?
What was industry a major source of ?
What river is the river of Cologne ?
What country is the Rhine up into ?
What is the home of Europe 's largest inland port ?
What joins the Rhine in Duisburg ?
What is the dominant economic sectors in the Middle Rhine ?
What is the Rhine Gorge ?
The Rhine flows around what rock rock ?
What is another name for the Rhine romanticism ?
What is the dominant economic sectors in the Middle Rhine ?
What is the Rhine Gorge listed as ?
What is the Rhine Gorge ?
The Rhine flows around what rock rock ?
The Rhine flows around what rock rock ?
What is the most important cities in Europe ?
What is the western end of the Lippe called ?
What is another name for the Wesel - Datteln Canal ?
What is the longest suspension bridge in Germany ?
How long is the longest suspension bridge ?
What river flows through North Rhine - Westphalia ?
What is the largest conurbation in Germany ?
What is the most important cities in Europe ?
What is the longest suspension bridge in Germany ?
How long is the longest suspension bridge ?
What is the Dutch name for the main flow of water ?
What is another name for the Rhine ?
How much of the Rhine flows farther west ?
What direction does the Rhine reach ?
What is another name for the water flow volume ?
What is another name for the Rhine ?
What is the name of the branches that branches off of Dordrecht ?
Where does the water flows through ?
What is another name for redistributes ?
What is the Nederrijn changes ?
What river is near the Nieuwe Maas ?
Where does the water flows through ?
What is another name for redistributes ?
How much land is the IJssel branch ?
What is the Nederrijn changes ?
What is the name of the Nederrijn changes ?
What name is used for smaller streams farther to the north ?
What are the water from the Rhine used for ?
What is the north branch of the Rhine called ?
What is another name for Kromme Rijn ?
What is another name for Old Rhine ?
What is the most important region of the Netherlands ?
Where is the Rhine - Meuse Delta located ?
What is another name for the Rhine ?
What is the name of the Rhine delta ?
How many main flows does Guinea - Bissau contain ?
What is the largest and southern main branch of Mexico City ?
What does Het Scheur mean ?
What is another name for the Oude Maas ?
What was the name of the flood flowed south of St. Barts ?
When was the St. Elizabeth 's flood ?
Where was the Meuse - Oude Maas located ?
What did the Meuse formed form ?
When was the Meuse and Waal merged ?
What is another name for Many rivers ?
What do some rivers serve for ?
What changed the Delta in the 20th century ?
When did the construction of Delta Works begin ?
What is the Rhine - Meuse Delta ?
What is the Rhine - Meuse Delta ?
Why did strong tidal currents occur ?
What is the most landward tidal influence ?
What is another name for Mediterranean Sea ?
In what period was the stage of the Tethys set ?
In what period did the Tethys floor begin ?
What type of geography did Iberia have ?
Along with the Pyrenees and Italy , what country pushed up the Pyrenees ?
What system did the Alpine orogeny cause ?
What is the main elements of the rift ?
When was the first Rhine system developed ?
What river drained the northern flanks of the Alps ?
What is the watershed southward southward to ?
During what period did the Rhine captured the Vosges Mountains ?
The Rhine had captured streams down where ?
How long was the period of the Ages ?
How many Ice Ages have been occurred ?
How much land did sea level dropped in the early years ?
In what geographic direction did the Rhine move to ?
Where was the river mouth located ?
Where did the last glacial glacial occur ?
When did the last glacial glacial occur ?
The lower Rhine flowed through what direction ?
How high was the sea level in the English Channel ?
What is the Irish Channel ?
What was the source of the Rhine source ?
What type of birds stretched across middle Europe ?
What was the Last Glacial Maximum ?
What type of covered covered Scandinavia ?
What is the wind - blown dust called ?
How long did it take for glaciers to thaw ?
In what direction did alpine glaciers begin ?
Where was the discharge routed to ?
How many BP 's vegetation did the vegetation have ?
When was Europe fully forested ?
How long was the situation with tides and currents ?
What happened to the coast ?
When was the coast line roughly ?
What is still rising in the southern North Sea ?
How long is the sea level in the southern North Sea ?
When did the Holocene period begin ?
What type of valley did the Rhine occupy ?
Where was the formation of the Holocene Rhine delta ?
When did the Holocene Rhine - Meuse delta begin ?
How much did the delta impact last ?
What load of the Rhine has sped up ?
What caused the delta formation ?
How many avulsions have occurred in the summer ?
When did the damming of minor distributaries occur ?
Where is the Waal and Nederrijn - Lek discharge ?
Where is the North Sea located ?
What is the Zuider Zee brackish lagoon ?
What type of lake is the river ?
How many branches are in the Rhine ?
When did the historical period begin ?
What was the boundary between Gaul and Gaul called ?
When did the late Hallstatt culture begin ?
Who created the Aeneid ?
In what year did Augustus die ?
What river was Rome known for ?
What happened to the Rhine ?
Where is the acute wedge of foreign territory located ?
Where did Alsace - Lorraine migrate to ?
How many legions did the Romans have ?
What happened to the actual number of legions ?
What was the name of the assignment ?
What was the name of the legions of Germania ?
What did oppidum Ubiorum mean ?
When did the kingdoms of Francia begin ?
What did the Germanic tribes establish ?
What does Siebengebirge mean ?
Who was the hero of the dragon ?
Who thrown the golden treasure into the Rhine ?
When was the Rhine within the borders of Francia ?
In what century did the 9th century form ?
Along with Franconia and Franconia , where did the 9th century end ?
Who sold Burgundy in Burgundy ?
In what year was Burgundy sold to Burgundy ?
What was the contentious border between France and Germany called ?
What was a long goal of French foreign policy ?
Who established the Confederation of the Rhine ?
In what year was the Confederation of the Rhine established ?
In what year was the Rhine crisis ?
When was the Treaty of Versailles subject ?
In what year was the German army decreed ?
Who forbidden the demilitarised zone ?
What was the Treaty of Versailles cited as ?
In what year was the German army re - occupied ?
Where was the Rhine bridge located ?
What did the Rhine present to the invasion of Germany ?
In what month and year was the Rhine bridge ?
What is another name for the Rhine ?
Why was the Warsaw Pact war ?
What is the length of the Rhine ?
What was the name of the German encyclopedia ?
What is the length of the German encyclopedia ?
What was the length of the German encyclopedia ?
When was the error error discovered ?
In what year was the Scotland Act passed ?
In what act was the current Parliament convened ?
What is the legislative competence of the Parliament called ?
Who retains the ability to amend the Scottish Parliament ?
What is the Scottish Parliament reserved to ?
What remained an important element in Scottish national identity ?
How many years was Scotland governed by Scotland ?
How long did the war last ?
When did the sharp rise in Scotland occur ?
What was the purpose of the report ?
Where did the discovery of oil occur ?
What was the campaign of the Scottish National Party ?
What did the party reject ?
In what year was the Prime Minister established ?
When was the final legislative proposals passed ?
Where was the majority of the Scotland Act 1978 ?
How much of the total electorate did the Scotland have ?
What happened to the Scottish devolution referendum ?
How much did the vote last ?
What percentage of the eligible voting population was vote ?
What happened in the 1980s and 1990s ?
Who controlled the United Kingdom ?
In what year was the Scottish Constitutional Convention founded ?
What was the blueprint for devolution in 1995 ?
Where is the Scottish Parliament Building located ?
Who designed the Scottish Parliament ?
What nationality was Enric Miralles ?
What is the principal features of the grass ?
Who opened the new building on the building ?
What was the Parliament 's temporary home called ?
Where was the Assembly Hall located ?
What was the building vacated for ?
Where was the Parliament temporarily relocated to ?
What was the name of the college in May 2002 ?
Where is the General Assembly Hall located ?
What was used for the MSP offices ?
What happened to Holyrood in 2004 ?
Where is the Midlothian County Buildings located ?
What was the Parliament 's principal committee room called ?
Who is the Presiding Officer ?
What is another name for the speaker ?
How many members are in the Presiding Officer ?
How many MSPs are in the Presiding Officer ?
Who is the electronic voting equipment ?
Who is the Scottish Parliamentary Corporate Body ?
What is the Presiding Officer ?
How many seats are in the Presiding Officer ?
Who represents the Scottish Parliament ?
Where is the debating chamber arranged ?
What is a hemicycle ?
How many seats are in the Lord Advocate ?
How many seats are in the Scottish Law Officers ?
What do the Law Officers not attend ?
What is the parliamentary mace made from ?
Where is the parliamentary mace located ?
What are the words of the Presiding Officers ?
Who led the Scottish Parliament ?
What is the mace displayed in ?
In what month and month does two - week recesses recesses occur ?
On what day does the debating occur ?
What is the Chamber debates open to ?
What is a free free ?
What is the name of the organization that uses Proceedings ?
What is the first item ?
How long does it take for a speaker to be members ?
What are Speakers chosen to represent ?
Who determined the parliamentary bureau ?
Who do Jehovah Witnesses make direct representations to ?
Who is the Deputy Presiding Officer ?
What is the Presiding Officer ?
What does the Presiding Officer tries to achieve ?
What type of party is debates ?
What is another name for Scots members ?
On what day does each sitting occur ?
What is the name of the division bell ?
What is the division of the Decision Time called ?
What is the Presiding Officer announces vote for ?
How long is the outcome of each division ?
What type of votes can be predicted to vote ?
What is the outcome of most votes ?
What is another name for MSPs ?
What type of party do Jehovah Witnesses have ?
What type of issues is the This usually done on ?
When is Members Debate held ?
How long is the " Members Debate " held ?
What is the purpose of a motions ?
proposer contribute to the debate ?
What does the debate and motion relate to ?
Where is the Scottish Parliament done ?
What is the role of committees ?
What is the principal role for the Scottish Parliament ?
What is the role of committees in the Scottish Parliament ?
Where do NPOs meet ?
What is the definition of a NPO ?
What do Jehovah Witnesses ' membership reflecting ?
What type of functions are used in different ways ?
What is set down under the Scottish Parliament ?
Where is the Mandatory Committees located ?
When are Subject established ?
What is the committee called ?
What is the fourth Session ?
Where is the Subject Committees located ?
What type of government is normally set to scrutinise private bills ?
What type of projects do NPOs relate to ?
Who has been set to consider legislation on issues ?
Who has been set to consider legislation on issues ?
What act was passed by the Parliament ?
Who led the Scotland Act 1998 ?
What is the Scotland Act 2012 ?
What is the supreme legislature of Scotland called ?
Who is to hold the Scottish Government ?
What is the name of the 5 Act ?
What is the official name for the government ?
How many matters are there ?
What is the ability to alter income in Scotland ?
What conferred fiscal devolution ?
What is outside the legislative competence of the Scotland ?
Who is unable to legislate on issues ?
Where is the Scottish Parliament located ?
Where is the Scottish Parliament located ?
What can be introduced to Parliament in a number of ways ?
What can introduce new laws to existing laws ?
What is a bill called that can introduce the bill ?
What is another name for a private bill ?
How long is the Bills pass ?
What is another name for Stage 1 ?
What is the bill called ?
How is the bill lodged ?
What is another name for Stage 1 ?
What is the final stage of the bill called ?
How many parts does the bill have ?
What is the final vote for the bill ?
What is another name for the bill ?
When did the bill agree to vote ?
Who is the Presiding Officer ?
Who is the Monarch Officer ?
How long does it take to refer to the Supreme Court ?
What court does the Law Officers refer to ?
What is the phrase for the Bill for Scottish Parliament ?
What is the Scottish Government ?
What is the official official title for Parliament ?
Who can put their name forward ?
Who are most ministers drawn from ?
Who is the formal appointment for the appointment ?
In what month is the Scottish Parliament held ?
In what month and year did ordinary elections occur ?
Who is the date of the Presiding Officer ?
How long is the General Election ?
What enable the Scottish Parliament to scrutinise the Government ?
Who is the First Minister ?
What is the First Minister ?
What is the First Minister ?
What is set for question periods ?
At what day does a General Question Time end ?
What does Question Time do ?
Who is a opportunity to question ?
How many general questions are there ?
How many are members of the 129 MSPs ?
How many member members does Oklahoma have ?
In what year was the reduction of Scottish MPs reduction ?
How many members are in the Scottish Parliament ?
What is the Western Isles ?
What is the total number of seats in the Parliament ?
What is the number of votes in the ballot ?
What is the seat awarded by the party ?
How many seat does the highest quotient have ?
How many seats are allocated ?
What was introduced under the House of Commons Disqualification Act ?
When was the British Nationality Act passed ?
How old is the United Kingdom ?
Who is disqualified from the Scottish Parliament ?
What is the first SNP ?
What political party did the SNP belong to ?
How many votes did the SNP have ?
How many seats did the SNP have ?
What type of independence did the SNP have ?
What political party was the loss of Edinburgh Pentlands ?
Who was David McLetchie ?
How many seats did the Conservatives lose ?
Who was the leader of the Conservatives ?
Who congratulated the SNP ?
What is able to vote for domestic legislation ?
What is the Scottish MPs unable to vote ?
What is the phenomenon called ?
Who won the 2015 election ?
What country was the new veto ?
What is another name for Political Islam ?
What is another term for Islamic values ?
What type of government is Islamism ?
What is another name for oscillating movements ?
What is another term for state power ?
What type of process did Islamists accept ?
Along with Hamas and Hamas , what country is a part of Hamas ?
What do the Islamist groups want to do ?
What does the Taliban reject ?
What type of basis does the Taliban have ?
What part of Islamism is Graham E. Fuller ?
What did Olivier Roy argue was the remarkable shift in the 20th century ?
What was the emphasis of the Salafi movement ?
What does Roy Roy describe Islamism as ?
Why do Islamists need democratic elections ?
What type of role is Islamism ?
What religion is Islamism a error for ?
What is a controversial concept for Islam ?
What does Hayri Abaza support ?
What does the detriment of progressive moderates seek to separate ?
What religion is Islamists not a part of ?
What is the conception of political Islam ?
What is the historical term for Islam ?
What is the historical fluke of the short Islamic Revolution ?
What type of Islam is Islamism ?
In what decade did Western and pro - Western groups join dangerous enemies ?
What did the Islamists want to be seen as ?
What political party did Islamists belong to ?
What was the US spent billions of dollars to aid ?
What was the goal of the US ?
Who was the Egyptian President ?
What was Anwar Sadat 's occupation ?
What did the Egyptian exiles call Egypt ?
In what year did the agreement between Sadat and Islamists end ?
What happened to Sadat ?
What was the interpretation of Islam ?
What is the hate of Shia ?
What is democracy responsible for ?
What is another name for Shia ?
What type of movement is the Muslim Brotherhood ?
What is the Muslim Brotherhood known for ?
What does the Muslim Brotherhood do ?
What type of governments have commitment to social justice ?
What is another term for social justice ?
What was Iqbal a member of ?
What organization did Iqbal become a member of ?
In what year did Eisenhower visit Lahore ?
What was Eisenhower 's critic ?
What was the name of the book that was published in 1934 ?
What political philosophy did Iqbal reject ?
What is India 's Hindu population ?
What did the shedding of Islamic co - operation ?
In what year was Sir Muhammad Iqbal elected president ?
What is the name of the movement that was created ?
Who was the important twentieth century figure in Pakistan ?
What was the profession of Trained ?
In what year was the Jamaat - e - Islami party founded ?
Who was the important twentieth century figure in Pakistan ?
What was the profession of Trained ?
What did Maududi have more impact through ?
What was the influential books placed into ?
What religion did Maududi believe should be Islamic ?
What type of state was Islam ?
What is another term for tawhid ?
What type of changing changing did the hearts have ?
What did the gradual changing and minds downward through ?
In what year was the Muslim Brotherhood founded ?
What country was the Muslim Brotherhood in 1928 ?
Who founded the Muslim Brotherhood ?
What is the constitution called ?
What type of influence was Al Banna ?
What happened to the Brotherhood ?
In what year was Al - Banna assassinated ?
What was Al - Banna 's rank ?
In what year was the Brotherhood banned ?
Who was the Egyptian president ?
What has the Brotherhood become ?
What was the opposition group called ?
What was the only opposition group in Egypt ?
Who was the first president of Egypt ?
What event caused the Six - Day War ?
What type of stagnation was the defeat of the ruling ?
What caused a decline in the popularity of secular politics ?
What type of movements did Maududi have ?
Who was the views of Pakistan ?
What was the father of the State of Pakistan ?
Khomeini 's beliefs is placed where ?
What was the name of the man that was complete imitation ?
What was the long - term term for Islam ?
What religion has maintained power in Iran ?
What type of sanctions does the Islamic Republic have ?
Who is the Islamic Republic ?
When did Israel - Lebanon conflict begin ?
Who was the leader of Israel in 2006 ?
Who deployed the 40th Army ?
What did the Soviet Union try to suppress ?
What do the Muslims do ?
What was the military effectiveness of Afghan Arabs ?
How many Muslim volunteers came to fight in Afghanistan ?
What was the Gulf War known for ?
What was the occupation of Kuwait ?
What type of groups did Saudi Arabia play ?
What country did western troops want to protect ?
What part of the Saudi regime did Islamists reject ?
What religious group did the attacks lead to ?
Where did American troops move to ?
Who did Saudi Arabia attack ?
In what country did the civil war occur ?
Who was the terror attacks in the 9/11 ?
Who became radical during 1966 ?
In what year did Qutb become radical ?
What religious group did Qutb belong to ?
What was the final writings of Qutb ?
In what decade did the Brotherhood give violence ?
Who responsible for the path of violence and military struggle ?
In what year was Anwar Sadat elected ?
What type of leaders did the extremist group have ?
What did leaders of Muslim states reject ?
Who wrote the pamphlet ?
What did the Egyptian groups use in their struggle ?
What does al - Gama'a mean ?
What was the campaign to overthrow the government ?
In what year did Jamaa Islamiya rule ?
What is the name of the groups that were attempted to attempted ?
What did the Muslim Brotherhood call Israel ?
What was the formation of the Brotherhood called ?
What was the uncompromising stand for ?
In what country did the 1988 Hamas occur ?
What is another name for the Brotherhood ?
Who has continued to be a major player in Palestine ?
How many people died in 140 suicide ?
Who won the January 2006 election ?
In what year was the PLO out out of Gaza ?
What was Hamas praised for ?
What type of regime did Sudan have ?
Who led the Islamist regime ?
What was the name of the political group General Gaafar al - Nimeiry ?
What did Turabi build a economic base with ?
What type of academy did Eisenhower serve ?
In what year was al - Nimeiry overthrown ?
What did al - Nimeiry help overthrow ?
What type of law was Turabi ?
What was the name of the time that harbored the American attack on Iraq ?
What happened to the Gulf War ?
What was the name of the Islamist Brotherhood ?
In what country was the jihad located ?
In what year was the coalition founded ?
What is the high rate of unemployment in Arabic ?
Why was voting canceled in 1991 ?
What did the mujahideen 's victory lead to ?
What type of war did Afghanistan have ?
What happened to Afghanistan in Afghanistan ?
In what year did the Democratic Republic of Afghanistan rule ?
How much of Afghanistan 's warlords were defeated in 1996 ?
What were the Deobandi movement ?
In what country were the Deobandi movement ?
What was another name for Islamic fundamentalist ?
What was the label of the Taliban ?
Who was the extremist jihadism ?
In what year was the Prime Minister overthrew ?
What did Ali Bhutto announce banning ?
What political philosophy became his official state ideology ?
What did Islamization legitimize ?
In what year was Zia - ul - Haq killed ?
What type of group is the Islamic State ?
What group is the Islamic State ?
What was the group proclaimed in 2014 ?
How many people lived in Iraq between March 2015 and Syria ?
What does a self - described self described as ?
In what year was al - Qaeda pledged allegiance ?
In what month and year was Iraq invasion of Iraq ?
When did the Syrian Civil War begin ?
What was the failure of the fight called ?
What is the group given by the United Nations ?
What type of view does the party have ?
In what century did the Caliphs conquer Islam ?
In what year was the Ottoman Caliphate established ?
What type of system was the system believed to have ended ?
What was the result of Islam in 1924 ?
What type of jihad does HT engage ?
What did HT take power through ?
Who will facilitate a change of the government ?
In what country was the coups banned ?
What do many HT members join ?
How many Muslims does Greater London have ?
What type of outlook is Greater London ?
In what year was the Channel 4 programme Undercover Mosque Undercover ?
Why was Abu Hamza al - Masri arrested ?
When did the U.S. government begin to counter Islamism ?
Who is responsible for public diplomacy ?
Who was the official agency in the George W. Bush administration ?
What was Robert Gates 's rank ?
What was the U.S. Information Agency charged with ?
From what language did imperium originate ?
What is Imperialism a policy of ?
What is the term for imperialism ?
What is the rapid spread spread of ?
What is another term for diplomacy ?
What type of imperialism is defined as physical control ?
What is another term for racial stereotypes ?
How is Informal imperialism less direct ?
What term has been finalized for centuries ?
What was the definition of imperialism ?
What is another term for general powers ?
What was the definition of imperialism ?
What is the control spread more ?
What is the greatest empire ?
What is the world 's world called ?
Who suggested that imperialism was the highest form of capitalism ?
What are some states viewed as ?
Along with economic and cultural influences , what type of animal did the empires have ?
What is the term for imperialism ?
What is imperialism developed for ?
What type of intentions is colonialism ?
What is another name for Russian ?
What is another term for colonialism ?
What dictate the political and economic advantage over a land ?
What did colonialism refer to ?
What did imperialism refer to ?
What type of characteristics are inherited by indigenous populations ?
What is Colonialism 's core meaning ?
What is the controversial aspect of imperialism ?
What is the earth 's work called ?
What was needed to survive ?
What was the scientific nature of races ?
What is another name for colonizers ?
What country was Friedrich Ratzel a part of ?
Along with Halford Mackinder and Halford , what country did Friedrich Ratzel belong to ?
What type of philosopher was Friedrich Ratzel ?
What was the expansion of Britain 's expansion ?
Who was the Royal Geographical Society of London ?
What is the term for European theories ?
What type of zone did American beings start to become ?
How many people were created in need of European guidance ?
What did orientalism allowed Europe to establish ?
The principles of imperialism are often generalizable to what empire ?
What concept did British imperialism use ?
What type of inhabitants were the settlers of Australia ?
In what century did the country of Australia become a case ?
What does Terra nullius mean ?
What did Edward Said call the West ?
What did the Orient do to the East ?
What is the negative vision of the East ?
What is the discourse of early Western imperialism ?
What did the Orient do ?
How did Bassett describe his analysis ?
What is the use of unknown territory ?
What was the use of blank space ?
What did Bassett focuses on ?
What was the extension of West Africa 's extension ?
Who was Imperialism a basic component to ?
During what era did the Americas begin ?
What has predate the European colonial era ?
How many Muslim empires are there ?
What empire is the European Empire known for ?
What is felt in social and cultural circles ?
What type of power is Cultural imperialism ?
What was the name of the soap opera in the Cold War ?
Along with local elites , what type of imperialism was Nor ?
What is the importance of soft power ?
When did the Age of Imperialism begin ?
What is the Age of Imperialism ?
When did imperialist practices begin ?
When did the term " Age of Imperialism " begin ?
What is another name for the Scramble for Africa ?
When was John Gallagher born ?
When was Ronald Robinson born ?
What was John Gallagher 's profession ?
What is the economy called ?
Europe 's expansion into territorial imperialism was focused on what ?
What was the expansion of Europe 's expansion ?
When did the colonization of India begin ?
What was the colonization of India ?
What is the advancements of Europe called ?
What did European chemists use to manufacture firearms ?
What was an effective battlefield weapon ?
What were the European armies fighting with ?
What country continued to advance in military technology ?
In what country is imperialism based ?
In what decade was the term " Imperialism " introduced ?
What policy did imperialism establish ?
How did Lenin view Imperialism ?
What was the correlation between capitalism and political theorists ?
When were non - Marxist writers at their most prolific ?
In what decade was the rise of the military - political complex ?
What type of disease did Hobson cure ?
What was the international disease of imperialism ?
What served as a moral justification for domination and peoples ?
What was the name of the person who determined a certain person ?
What were people in tropical environments seen as ?
Where was European colonialism first used ?
What is the name of the two forms of two ?
What type of scholars could be split into climatic zones ?
What type of climate was the most popular ?
What were the people believed to be ?
What is a view of a people based on their geographical location ?
What type of empires were split into climatic zones ?
When did Britain 's imperialist ambitions begin ?
In what year was the British East India Company established ?
Who chartered the British East India Company ?
What caused the plundering of the local economy ?
Which language had set trading posts in India ?
In what year did France invade Algeria ?
In what year did France rebuild control of Algeria ?
Where did France and France rebuild control of Algeria ?
Why did Germany become supportive ?
What was the new empire called ?
What did Jules Ferry call the inferior ?
What is the assimilation of citizenship ?
What did France send to its colonies ?
What were the French moral justification ?
What country did French settlers sent to ?
What did the Free French use to liberate France ?
What caused the empire to challenge the Empire ?
In what country did France lose a bitter war ?
When did France become independence ?
Where did the original homelands originate ?
During what period did Germanic tribes expanded ?
What was the first German Empire called ?
Along with Italy and southern Europe , what other religion did the Germanic Empire belong to ?
What is the conceptual term for Germany ?
When was Western imperialism negligible ?
What was the name of the time Chancellor of Prussia ?
What happened to Prussia after Prussia ?
Where did the diplomatic disputes occur ?
How long did the dissolution of Prussia last ?
What part of Africa did 1883–84 build ?
What prestige did Bismarck use to demand colonies ?
What was the German colonial empire in 1884 ?
What country did the German colonial empire begin in 1884 ?
What was the name of the traders influenced by Eisenhower ?
When did the First Sino - Japanese War begin ?
What happened to the Russo - Japanese War ?
What country did Japan invade in 1931 ?
What country did Japan invade ?
What was the Soviet Union ?
What happened to the being implemented ?
What were the Soviet Union 's installed in Eastern Europe ?
Who reestablished a polity by 1921 ?
Who was the highest stage of capitalism ?
What did Joseph Stalin establish ?
What was the name of the political leader Nikita Nikita ?
Who was the Soviet Regime ?
What was the First British Empire based on ?
In what year was the American colonies reversed ?
What did Britain establish in the 1840s ?
In what year did Britain invade Napoleonic France ?
What empire was the largest Empire ?
What is the sciences of Social Darwinism ?
What part of the world was the Scramble for Africa ?
What was the British spirit ?
What was the early United States called ?
What was Theodore Roosevelt 's profession ?
What country did the Anti - Imperialist League oppose the annexation of ?
What happened to the Philippines ?
What was the American foreign policy called ?
Who was the American Empire ?
In what year did Eisenhower become appointed inquiry ?
Who was the idea of President Wilson ?
What did the inquiry allow for ?
What have some have been described as ?
What type of form is informal ?
How many Africans are in the African slave trade ?
What did Edward Said call attack ?
In what year did the Ottoman empire end ?
How many provinces did the empire have ?
What continent did the Ottoman empire form much of ?
When did the Ottoman empire end ?
What city was the capital of the Ottoman empire ?
What country did the empire allied with ?
In what country was the Ottoman heartland located ?
What is the Ottoman Anatolian heartland known as ?
What is the capital of Poland ?
What is the Vistula River ?
How many kilometres is the Vistula River ?
How many people live in the Bronx ?
What is the population of Warsaw ?
What organization ranked Warsaw as the 32nd most liveable city ?
In what year did the Economist Intelligence Unit rank Warsaw as a liveable city ?
What type of manufacturing is Warsaw 's economy ?
What is the largest and most important in Central Europe ?
What is the European Union agency for external security ?
When did the first historical reference to Warsaw begin ?
Where was the Polish capital city located ?
In what year did King Sigismund Vasa moved his court ?
Who moved to Warsaw in 1596 ?
What happened to the Phoenix City ?
What religion is Mexico City ?
What is the name of the Academy of Warsaw ?
What was Old Town listed as in 1980 ?
What type of building is the Castle Square ?
What type of gardens does Warsaw have ?
What is Warsaw 's name ?
What does Warszawa mean ?
What type of land was Warsz ?
What is the official city name for Mexico City ?
What was the name of the settlement raided by nearby clans ?
What was the name of the Prince of Masovia ?
When was the Prince of Płock established ?
In what year did the Dukes of Masovia become the official capital ?
In what year was the duchy reincorporated into the Polish Crown ?
What position did Warsaw hold in 1529 ?
Where was the General Sejm permanent ?
What did the Warsaw Confederation establish ?
What is the capital of Kraków ?
In what year did King Sigismund Vasa moved his court ?
When did Warsaw become the capital of Warsaw ?
What country was the capital of South Prussia ?
Liberated was Liberated by whom ?
In what year was Warsaw established ?
In what year was the Royal University of Warsaw established ?
When was Warsaw occupied by Germany ?
What did the Allied Armistice terms withdraw ?
What underground leader returned to Warsaw ?
In what year was the Battle of Warsaw fought ?
The Battle of Warsaw was defended with which army ?
When did the German Invasion of Poland begin ?
What was the rule of the General Government called ?
How much of the Jewish population is Warsaw ?
When was the Final Solution ?
How long did the Ghetto held out ?
Who was deep into Polish territory ?
When did the Warsaw Uprising begin ?
How long did the armed struggle last ?
What is the population of Polish civilian deaths ?
What campaign was initiated in World War II ?
What type of housing projects were erected in Warsaw ?
What was the Palace of Culture and Science called ?
What were the Eastern Bloc city ?
What is the list of Warsaw 's historic list ?
Who was the native visits in 1979 ?
What did John Paul II want to encouraged ?
How long was the pope pope ?
In what year did John Paul Paul celebrated become pope ?
What did the Polish citizens consider the incentive for ?
How far is Warsaw from Poland ?
How many miles is Warsaw ?
What river is the city of Mexico City ?
What is the height of the city ?
What is the lowest point in Warsaw ?
How many geomorphologic formations are found in Warsaw ?
What is another name for Warsaw ?
What is the specific axis of Warsaw ?
What is the plateau of the left one ?
What is the edge of the relief called ?
What is the few natural and artificial ponds ?
What is the highest terrace ?
What type of climate is contemporary flooded ?
What is the small ponds cover of ?
What type of forest is forested ?
What is Warsaw 's mixture of architectural styles ?
When was Warsaw razed ?
When did rebuilding rebuilding begin ?
What is another name for the 19th century ?
What is the basic purpose of Mass residential blocks ?
What type of architecture is represented in the majestic churches ?
When was the St. John 's Cathedral built ?
What is the temple of St. John 's ?
What type of architecture is the house of Baryczko merchant ?
What type of architecture is the Royal Castle ?
In what century did construction and churches begin to expand ?
What is another name for St. Kazimierz Church ?
What type of architecture is Czapski Palace ?
What is the simplicity of the geometrical forms ?
What is another name for the Palace on the Water ?
What type of architecture was restored ?
What happened to the bourgeois architecture ?
What type of style was rebuilt ?
What is the most interesting of the late 19th century architecture ?
What type of buildings have been found in prewar Warsaw ?
What is the heroic history of Warsaw ?
What is the infamous German Gestapo prison ?
What was a place of martyr for the Poles ?
What is another name for Little Insurgent ?
What is the name of the Uprising ?
What is a royal garden ?
How many species of trees are there ?
Where is the Tomb of the Unknown Soldier located ?
What is a popular destination for the Varsovians ?
What is the area covers of 76 ha ?
What type of spaces are in the city ?
Where is the palm house located ?
What is the first horse racetrack ?
What is the name of the airport ?
In what year was the park established ?
What part of Warsaw is the species of species ?
Where is Bielany Forest located ?
What is the remaining part of Warsaw ?
What is the big forest area ?
How many botanic gardens does Warsaw have ?
How many natural reserves are in Warsaw ?
How long is the Vistula river ?
What are the habitat of animals ?
How many lakes are in Warsaw ?
Why are the majority of lakes emptied before winter ?
What is the most popular city in Poland ?
What religion was minority in Warsaw ?
What percentage of the population is 219,000 ?
How many Polish mother tongue were in 1933 ?
What is most of the modern day population growth ?
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1939 ?
How many people lived in Warsaw in 1939 ?
In what year was the Warsaw area enlargement ?
What type of conviction did Poles have ?
What are no limitations to do ?
What type of city is Warsaw ?
How many people lived in the 1901 census ?
How many people in the 1901 census were Catholics ?
What percentage of Protestants were Protestants in 1901 ?
In what year was the Warsaw Uprising ?
What is the basic unit of Poland ?
What is the second level of the territorial division ?
In what city is the districts located ?
What is the Legislative power in Warsaw ?
How many members does Warsaw have ?
How long are the Council members elected ?
What is the City Council divides into ?
How many days does the Council have to override the veto ?
Who is the mayor of Warsaw ?
What was the first Warsaw President ?
What was the first Warsaw President ?
Who elected the President of Warsaw in 1990 ?
What district was the President of Warsaw in ?
What is the city centre of Warsaw known as ?
What type of companies were registered in the city ?
What was Warsaw ranked as in the 7th century ?
What percentage of Poland 's national income does Warsaw produce ?
What was the nominal GDP of the city in 2010 ?
In what year was Warsaw 's first stock exchange established ?
During what war was Warsaw established ?
When was the free re - established ?
What is the largest capitalization of 162 584 mln ?
What was the name of ironically 's stock exchange ?
In what year was the FSO Car Factory established ?
What is another name for the number of vehicles ?
Who bought the factory factory in 1995 ?
What was the factory manufacturer sold to ?
How many expired did the license cost in February 2011 ?
In what year was the University of Warsaw established ?
What is the second academic school of technology in the country ?
How many professors does Warsaw have ?
What is the largest medical school in Poland ?
What is the oldest music school in Poland ?
In what year was the University Library founded ?
How many items are found in the University Library ?
What was the name of the man who designed Budzyński ?
Who designed the University Library garden ?
How large is the gardens in Europe ?
What is another name for Warsaw ?
What is the Plan to rebuild Poland ?
What is the increase in foreign investment ?
What has happened to the sanitation facilities ?
In what city is Poland located ?
What is the largest hospital in Poland ?
What is the largest oncological institutions in Europe ?
How many beds does the clinical section have ?
What has the infrastructure been developed over ?
What type of theater is Thanks ?
What areas are in Warsaw ?
Where is the Congress Hall located ?
Where is the Congress Hall located ?
What is the International Frédéric Chopin Competition known for ?
Where was the Saxon Garden located ?
What is another name for Ogród Saski ?
When was the Summer Theatre established ?
What is the first literary cabaret ?
What is the best example of Polish monumental theatre ?
What is another name for Midsummer ?
How many people live in the Vistula ?
What is another name for the banks ?
Why did maidens float their wreaths ?
What type of flower is Eve ?
What is the largest Museum of Posters ?
How many museums are in Warsaw ?
What is the most popular sport in Warsaw ?
What is the name of the paintings from Adolf Hitler 's private collection ?
What is another name for Museum ?
Where is the tribute of Poland ?
What museum preserves the memory of the crime ?
What type of theater is the Warsaw Uprising ?
What preserves patriotic and political objects ?
How many rooms does Warsaw have ?
What is the name of the Castle of Contemporary Art ?
How many projects does the Centre Center have ?
What is the oldest exhibition site in Warsaw ?
Who is the oldest exhibition site in Warsaw ?
When is Warsaw Gallery Weekend held ?
What was the name of the local rivals rivals in 2000 ?
When did Barcelona win its championship ?
How many times did the cup win ?
Where is Polonia 's home venue located ?
Why was Polonia relegated ?
What is the mermaid ?
What is Warsaw 's symbol ?
How long has the imagery been in use ?
When is the oldest armed seal seal of Warsaw ?
What is the name of the sea monster ?
What is the best - known legend of Triton ?
What is the Triton daughters set out of ?
Where was the port of Copenhagen located ?
What was the name of the village that Madonna stopped to rest ?
What was the name of the mermaid ?
Who was the most famous people in Warsaw ?
Who was the first female recipient of the book ?
Who is Władysław Szpilman ?
How long was Frédéric born ?
In what year was Casimir Pulaski born ?
Where was Madonna born ?
In what year was Madonna born ?
What style of style did she describe ?
What was Nathan Alterman 's profession ?
Who was the beloved city of Warsaw ?
In what year was the French and Indian War ?
Where was the war fought ?
How many people lived in the French North American colonies ?
How many European colonies were in the British North American colonies ?
Where was the war fought ?
What is the Forks of the Ohio ?
When did the Battle of Jumonville Glen occur ?
In what year did Edward Edward Braddock visit North America ?
What happened to the Battle of the Monongahela ?
What was the British operations in the frontier ?
What was the name of the British that attacked Nova Scotia ?
What happened to William Shirley ?
Who came to power in New France ?
What happened to France in the war ?
What country did France border its forces against ?
Where were the British and British defeated in Quebec ?
What direction did France give to Great Britain ?
What was the name of the ally that Napoleon ceded ?
What happened to Britain 's position in Britain ?
In what decade was George George 's War ?
What is the standard name for Indians ?
What is the Seven Years ' War ?
What are the frequently used for the war ?
What is the Seven Years ?
How long did the fighting last ?
In what year did Montreal capture Montreal ?
What was the name of the Battle of Jumonville ?
How many people lived in the French population ?
Where was the French population located ?
Where did French traders and trappers migrate ?
What is the population of the French settlers ?
What are the British settlers ?
Where were the population of their population located ?
Who dominated the French and the British ?
Who were engaged in the north ?
Where did the Iroquois Confederation reside ?
What rule were the tribes formally under ?
What was the name of the Catawba - speaking Catawba ?
Where did the French recruit their trading connections ?
Who supported the British in the war ?
What happened to French army ?
How many troops were stationed in the war ?
What companies do most British colonies belong to ?
How many miles was the expedition ?
How many people were in the expedition ?
Why did Gaddafi respond to the French merchants ?
What happened to the Native Americans ?
What was the Miami rivers lay south of ?
What happened to the Céloron ?
What was Old Briton 's nickname ?
What did All I say about the Natives ?
What happened to London and Paris ?
What was William Shirley 's governor ?
In what year did the British government gave land to the Ohio Company of Virginia ?
What company did the British government give land to ?
Who opened the Ohio territory ?
What was the name of the treaty completed by Eisenhower ?
Where was the strong house located ?
What is the War of the Austrian Succession known as ?
What was the signing of the Austrian Succession called ?
What was the result of the issues in North America ?
How long is the Ohio area ?
Who was the Governor - General of New France ?
How many men did Langlade have ?
What was Eisenhower 's objective ?
How many people died in the Miami war ?
Who was given command of a 2,000-man force ?
Where is Fort Presque Isle located ?
Where is Fort Le Boeuf located ?
Why did Gaddafi move to the British ?
What was Tanaghrisson a chief of ?
What was Johnson 's position ?
What did Johnson call the Iroquois ?
What did Johnson call the Iroquois ?
Who was Speaker of their tribal council ?
Where was the Governor of Virginia located ?
What was the name of the Ohio Regiment investor ?
Who is the interpreter interpreter ?
On what date did Washington University reach Fort Le Boeuf ?
Who was the commander of the French forces ?
What was Saint - Pierre known for ?
What did Saint - Pierre mean ?
What happened to France 's region ?
How many people were sent to William Trent ?
In what year did Dinwiddie begin building ?
What was the name of the construction tools owned by Eisenhower ?
When was the Battle of Jumonville Glen ?
What happened to the head of the Canadians ?
How did Fred Anderson describe Tanaghrisson ?
What happened to the Duke of Newcastle ?
Why did the British military plans to France ?
How many regiments did King Louis XV do ?
What was the British fleet intending to accomplish ?
In what body of government was the convening located ?
What was the goal of the congress ?
What happened to the delegates ?
What happened to the congress ?
What led to Fort Duquesne ?
What happened to the expedition ?
How many British soldiers were killed ?
Who led the remaining 500 British troops ?
What were the French war plans ?
What type of difficulties were Shirley 's efforts ?
What was the name of Shirley 's attack ?
What did Shirley left at Oswego ?
Who was Johnson 's governor ?
What did Johnson do to meet threat ?
What happened to the battle ?
What was the name of Johnson 's advance ?
What was the name of the Point Carillon ?
What country was Colonel Monckton a part of ?
What happened to Nova Scotia ?
Where were the clashes of the Acadians ?
Who assumed command of British forces in North America ?
Where was Chopin 's plans located ?
What was the name of Crown Point and Duquesne ?
Where did the expedition take place ?
Who was Lord Loudoun 's second in command ?
Who led the French regular army reinforcements in New France ?
When did England declare war on France ?
Where was the forts located ?
When did French forces destroyed the fort ?
How many pounds of gunpowder were destroyed in the Battle of Fort Bull ?
What happened to the British 's war ?
Who refused to take over Loudoun ?
What was the name of Montcalm 's headquarters ?
What was the name of the attack that led to the Abercrombie ?
What did Montcalm and the Indians agree to ?
What is Loudoun planned for ?
What was the name of the force that Henry Henry began to Quebec ?
Who ordered the Secretary of State ?
Where did Loudoun move to ?
What forces harassed Fort William Henry ?
Who was the daring raid against ?
What was the name of the column ?
What was the cause of the French coastline ?
What happened to New France in 1757 ?
What did Montcalm focused on ?
What happened to the fall from Newcastle ?
What city was the fall from ?
How many major actions are in Pitt 's plan ?
How many expeditions were successful ?
How many Frenchmen did the Battle of Carillon take ?
How many regulars were in Abercrombie 's force ?
What happened to John 's expedition ?
What happened to Abercrombie in Louisbourg ?
What did the duc de Choiseul focus on ?
What happened to the invasion ?
Where were the French Navy failed to take place ?
Who defeated Ticonderoga in Quebec ?
What happened to Fort Niagara ?
In what battle did the victory occur ?
Who negotiated from Montreal 's capitulation ?
What happened to the French residents ?
What was the name of the capitulation ?
When did the Treaty of Paris end ?
When was the Treaty of Hubertusburg settled ?
What did the British offered France do ?
Why did this happen ?
How many Roman Catholic residents did Britain have ?
When did the deportation of Acadians begin ?
Where did the British resettled live ?
Where was the British provinces located ?
Who issued the Royal Proclamation of 1763 ?
What happened to the Royal Proclamation of 1763 ?
Where was the Indian population located ?
How many Christianized Yamasee were resettled to Cuba ?
Why was the Ohio Country particularly vulnerable ?
In what year was the Louisiana territory completed ?
What were the rise of the British takeover ?
Where was most of the most recent went ?
What is the concept of Philosophers ?
What was required to maintain motion ?
Who created laws of motion ?
How long did Sir Isaac Newton pay for laws ?
Who developed a theory of relativity ?
What does particle physics develop to describe ?
What is the fundamental means of the Standard Model ?
What are the four main interactions ?
What type of High - energy particle physics is used in the 1970s ?
weak and electromagnetic forces are expressions of what ?
Who provided a philosophical discussion of a force ?
What is the integral discussion of a force called ?
How many elements did the terrestrial sphere contain ?
Where did Aristotle believe the natural objects was in their natural place ?
What type of force was forced to find motion ?
In what century did Aristotelian physics begin ?
Who was influenced by the 17th century ?
What did the late Medieval idea happen ?
Who constructed stones and cannonballs ?
What did objects retain their velocity on ?
What is the constant velocity associated with ?
Who proposed that every object with mass has an innate inertia ?
What connects inertia with the concept of relative velocities ?
What is the laws of physics called ?
What do not change from being at rest ?
What is moving with a constant speed ?
What is the concept that can be generalized to continue ?
What is the constancy of the length of a day ?
Who extended the principle of inertia ?
How many astronauts does astronauts have ?
What was the foundational underpinnings for the general theory of relativity ?
What asserts the direct proportionality of acceleration to mass ?
What type of measurements can be used to be defined ?
What offers an equivalence between space and mass ?
What offers an equivalence between space and mass ?
What is the equivalence of quantum gravity ?
What is a result of symmetry to situations ?
What is a result of symmetry to situations ?
What type of force is a force ?
What is a equal of a −F ?
What will cause an acceleration proportional ?
What type of system is unbalanced ?
What is the center of mass force ?
What can the forces provide for describing forces ?
What is the intuitive understanding of forces ?
What is the conceptual definition of force ?
What is the conceptual definition of forces ?
What is the purpose of the push or pull ?
What is the denoted denoted to ?
What is the purpose of two forces ?
What happens to determine the acceleration of the rope ?
What was the conditions of the forces called ?
What are the additive vector quantities ?
What is the resultant force called ?
What is the purpose of a respective lines ?
Who is the rule of vector addition ?
What can forces be resolved into ?
How many forces are in a horizontal force ?
What is the component of vector addition ?
What is the components of the vector sum ?
Orthogonal force vectors can be what ?
What is the object of static friction ?
What is the applied force called ?
What kind of force does the static friction force have ?
What is a static equilibrium ?
What is the object of gravity acting called ?
What does the " spring reaction force " mean ?
Who expounded the Three Laws of Motion ?
Whose equilibrium was first described by creating Dynamic equilibrium ?
What is the constant velocity equivalent to ?
Who thought that a " natural state " was contrary ?
What is the falling cannonball land ?
Where is the cannonball located ?
What occurs in constant velocity motion ?
What opposes the applied force ?
What is taken into constant velocity motion ?
Who thought that motion was caused by the applied force ?
What is the Schrödinger equation ?
What is the potentials treated to ?
What is the measurement of a measurement ?
What keeps its meaning in quantum mechanics ?
What is the discrete intrinsic angular momentum - like ?
What type of principle is the space ?
What causes particles split into two different classes ?
What spins the position variables must be symmetric ?
What type of spin function do electrons have ?
What are the acceleration of particles explained as ?
What is a redundant concept ?
What is considered more accurately to be accurately accurately ?
What type of diagrams are used to describe interactions ?
What type of line is the Feynman diagram ?
How many interactions are in the universe ?
What are nuclear forces ?
What type of force is between electric charges ?
The gravitational force is called what ?
What is permit atoms to pass through each other ?
Who unified the force responsible for objects ?
In what century did quantum mechanics occur ?
What type of models are used to develop self - consistent ?
What is the definition of Physicists ?
Who was the work that call gravity ?
Who was instrumental in the characteristics of falling objects ?
What is the magnitude of the second squared ?
What is the measurement taken from ?
What is directly proportional to the object 's mass ?
What is the effects of gravity ?
Why was the acceleration of the Moon around the Earth ascribed ?
Why is the acceleration of gravity proportional ?
What is used to describe the relative strength of gravity ?
Who was the first measurement of  ?
When was the first measurement of  ?
What is the equation for the Earth 's mass ?
What is the planet 's Law of Gravitation ?
What is the planet 's planet called ?
What theory did Albert Einstein study ?
Who formulated the theory of general relativity ?
Who formulated the theory of general relativity ?
What has best explains gravity ?
What does gravitation mean ?
What is the time momentum called ?
When does all motion occur ?
What is the force of electric charge called ?
What is the time rate of electric charge ?
What is the connection between electricity and magnetism called ?
What is a sum of a electrostatic force ?
Who unified a number of scalar equations ?
When was the origin of electric and magnetic fields explained ?
How many scalar equations did James Clerk Maxwell unified ?
How many vector equations did Oliver Heaviside have ?
Who led electric and magnetic fields ?
What did the photoelectric effect reconcile ?
What is another name for QED ?
What is another name for wave phenomena ?
What is another name for QED ?
What is the common misconception of the stiffness ?
What is another term for the characteristics of characteristics ?
What takes energy to pack them ?
What is the effect of this effect ?
What is the strong force of the force called ?
What is observed between hadrons and the nuclear force ?
What is another name for hadrons ?
What is the strong force called ?
What is the phenomenon called ?
What is due to the exchange of the heavy W and Z bosons ?
What is the most familiar effect in atomic nuclei ?
What is another name for beta decay ?
How many times is the word weak strength ?
How much temperatures does the electroweak theory have ?
What is due to repulsive forces ?
What is the electron clouds overlap called ?
What does Pauli repulsion mean ?
What is an example of a surface integrity ?
How can Tension forces be modeled ?
What allow ideal strings to switch physical direction ?
What transmit tension forces ?
What is an example of a load pulleys ?
How can a string force be multiplied ?
What did Newton 's laws affect ?
What type of objects did Newton use to describe point particles ?
What type of fluids is used in forces ?
What is the object of an object ?
What is the object of a object ?
What is another name for the formalism ?
What is the formalism ?
What type of terms is the formalism ?
How is the stress - tensor calculated ?
What is the rotation equivalent for ?
What is the angular momentum unless upon ?
What is used to derive an analogous equation ?
What is the unbalanced centripetal force ?
What is another name for the curving path ?
What is the radial force called ?
What is the object of the tangential force ?
What is the tangential force ?
What is an example of energy to convert energy ?
What type of forms does a conservative force use ?
What is conserved on the system ?
What is the force related to ?
What is the potential field of water ?
Why is it impossible to model ?
What is the impossible to model forces ?
What is caused by the gradients ?
What type of forces are friction ?
What is the connection between macroscopic nonconservative and microscopic forces ?
What type of forces act to change the internal energies of the system ?
What type of forces act to change the internal energies of the system ?
In what branch of thermodynamics does thermodynamics occur ?
Who necessarily result in energy transformations ?
What is the force called ?
What is the kilogram sometimes called ?
What is the kilogram - force leads to ?
What is equivalent to 1000 lbf ?
What is equivalent to 1000 N ?
